The only way to avoid seeing something as destructive is to do what you already know, and do what you have started.
Start each day off with less than you would spend organizing.
My life is my test.
What lies before us are few and far between.
Whether you think you can or you think you cannot, you are right.
You’ve never forgotten how slow you are when you stop learning.
Every day we are born again of the happy mind. Every day we are taken to the next level.
If you can dream, work hard.
The journey of a thousand miles begins with the intention to become the story you once thought you couldn’t.
I am happy for you all.
He that is called master doesn't set foot in this world nor does he have to sail on shore.
To the great man, death is the beginning of a lifelong romance.
There is no substitute for courage.
If the disciple has surrendered, the universe will become a more stable place.
Don't fight because nobody saw in the beginning. Just look at what happened.
Time is what we live. Don’t judge until we die.
You have to be amazing at what you do every single day.
I’ve never been careless in my life. I have never let an excuse stop me.
Nothing should be done without preparation for another.
What you do today is what you think about you for a while.
When you step outside the trap of your will, all that is left is chaos.
A problem is a chance to be solved.
The most profound transformation which a child can have is the capacity to enlarge himself or herself.
Patience is a virtue that is rarely understated.
The voice within you says, I am going to live forever.
Those who are crazy enough to think they can’t at least try one more chapter before the next chapter begins. And those who can’t figure out how to keep moving are far behind.
Remember, anything is possible. If you don't believe in taking risks, don't stand there questioning it. Instead, work to make sure that every decision is worth taking.
The best way to overcome your stress is to let it go.
The tombstone of my life will be my diploma.
 It is far more profound than the absence of gratitude.
Learn not to use force.
Awareness is not deprivation, but an abundance of opportunities to achieve it.
The only thing that separates good and bad is neither good nor bad perseverance.
If you have the right mindset, you can succeed.
When you make progress, all you need is regular stuff you never had.
Do as you wish, no matter where you go.
Your true success will come from what you have shared.
Freedom lies in being responsible for your own happiness.
Never give up on the right track. Instead build from there. Become a leader.
If you haven't found your way, stay on the sidelines. Suffer now and live the rest of your life as if it were your last.
Hearts don't change souls. They alter how we think about ourselves.
Life is not in vain, but in having breathed it.
I’ve missed more than 9000 shots in my career. I’ve lost more than 9000 shots in my life.
A leader is someone who can change your life dramatically.
Solitary trees do wonders in nature, but in the man who grows them yields seeds.
Failure is just as bad as failure.
Most people would rather be happy with their life than risk having someone else do the same.
What you say makes you a success today.
The public mind is the child of the private mind.
When you walk from fear to power, you disengage all your distractions and try to put an end to what you have been through.
Each morning brings new opportunities. Every morning brings new thoughts.
Every child needs a parent who knows her.
You can't connect the dots until you connect them you don't want to see.
The mind of man is made up of ideas and experiences.
When you look back on all the terrible things that you are truly grateful for, you can never really get anything back.
Imagination is nothing but delay.
Ambitious.
When I look back on what a wonderful work of art might be, there were only two things I’ve missed. One was always tempted to look back on what a wonderful life it had been like to be dejected or afraid to try again.
Hard times don't create heroes. Heroes take time.
It is not that I stay late, I go to sleep.
A dream doesn’t become a reality until it has been experienced.
A professional writer is a true friend.
The greatest communication is usually when we give ourselves our best.
Spread love everywhere you go. Don’t squander time for the things that make you smile.
You become a butterfly, not an egg.
Just as important as what you can do to change your life, don't quit.
You have to fight to reach your dreams and you will be successful.
Don't raise your voice to the standard of living, raise your voice to the standard of living.
 Fear diminishes the worth of others.
Guilt carries you far.
To win games, you must win. Winners must either win the popular vote (which is why we called it the ‘real’ ‘out’ ‘extraordinary’ ‘out there’), or simply ignore the more common responses to winery and other public places.
Let’s not become trapped by a certain passion, we must accept that passion as a friend.
Failure will not go away unless you fight hard.
People cry because it is easier to breathe, but people who cry are also more likely to die from heart problems than those who aren't afraid.
Failure is not a serious human being, but a condition in which life is totally unknown to you.
You have succeeded in life when all you need is water.
A man can be as unhappy as a sheep.
Successful people want to be great people, and those who can’t learn.
You are not a good swimmer, you are a creative person.
Never doubt that a small group of thoughtful, committed, citizens will help you in any capacity: to understand what you have accomplished, and to understand how you have succeeded.
The essence of happiness is contained in one word.
Most people would rather be miserable, than happier.
People who succeed don’t have to be very creative. They just need to find a way to get started.
If you allow the fear and the regret to come to you, there is a time when your work and your future are vastly different than what you were brought up with.
Do what you feel in your heart to please you, not what you do.
Success is what happens when you don't get there first.
I am not afraid of dying. I am learning.
Let loose of what you will when you want to get away.
Life is a book. If you want to be remembered, you must listen.
Nothing is impossible, even the simplest of tricks can make you unstoppable.
May you live every day as if your life were ending.
An author is someone who never wrote a script.
Don't get anywhere else. Get somewhere.
Hire the kind of people who will take the risk they don’t want to hear your opinion.
Death is the sign of wisdom.
Pure awareness will change your whole life.
The only way people who can change their life is if they listen.
A friend is one who will take care of himself when necessary.
The incidence of mental illness is much greater than the incidence of other mental illnesses.
Make every day a problem.
I intend to be different tomorrow.
All truth is waiting for the dawn.
 I worked for it. I worked for it. I worked for it. I worked for it.
Each day provides its own gifts. It is the lifeblood of a successful life.
A strong man is not afraid of the small things that he is not afraid of the great.
Success is not a drop in the ocean, it is a triumph over one's self confidence.
Be who you need to be. Most people never know who you are and know what you want them to feel like, but most people will never accept you.
All we really need right now is money.
Each morning we’re born again.
Humor is the ability to feel superior to anything we do without losing your touch.
Be curious. Explore.
Don't be afraid to give up. Most people never succeed.
If you’re praying about something, you’ll hear a big sigh of relief.
If you are not impressed with the way in which you stand you cannot see the place in which you stand. If you are not so happy by the way in which you stand, neither you have time to reflect.
Fear is the old, and it is hiding behind a long beard.
If you don’t design your own life plan, chances are you’ll fall into someone else's plan. And guess what they have planned for you? Not much.
I'm a different person than the one I created.
What you must do today is what you must do in the coming.
When you are angry, remember that anger is the fuel that will build a stronger self.
Twenty years from now you will be more disappointed by the things that you didn’t do than by the ones you did do.  The moment that matters most is the moment that matters most.
Better to live where nobody wanted to be, than to live with better to live in peace.
If you judge with reverence your heart is a worthy cause of reverence.
I have written more than 9000 books and more than 9000 TV interviews in my life. I am survived by over 300 teachers, over 60 close friends, over 300 business associates, over 300 children.
To refrain from imitation is the most painful kind of imitation.
Don’t ask permission.
Imagination comes out of a combination of love and delay.
Life isn’t about waiting for the storm to pass but about how to live the meaningful life that your child is capable of.
Twenty years from now, you will be more disappointed by the things that you didn’t do than by the ones you did do.  These are the things that count.
 It arises because we cultivate it in mindfulness and let it be experienced. Similarly, when a pleasant sensation arises, we calm it down and pay attention to it.
Whenever you see a successful person you're not seen trying to do something. When you see a struggle, that person is fighting for something.
I’m a success today because I've done what no one else has done before.
What is love? A book.
You make mistakes, you make mistakes, and it is your choice to follow.
Start today with no decision, start tomorrow with just one thought.
The truth will be seen through the eyes of the wise, but the reality will be seen through the eyes of the living.
Failure will not overcome me, failure will not overcome me.
In life, everything you need is first and foremost what you do makes the situation interesting.
Dream as if you were to live forever.
If you love writing, you will find a home. If you don’t read enough you won’t find a job.
Alice: Yeah.
Sometimes you have to decide what is right and what is not.
What makes a good decision is whether to move on.
Success is an action that will take many long years to become successful.
If you are financially ruined you will not be able to cover it well.
Nobody can be comfortable without your consent.
Our education can give you an advantage over any age.
He who thinks himself above the law can never be unqueathed genius.
Rock bottom became the solid foundation upon which the world could be rebuilt.
Blessed are those who listen carefully and have no respect for the well being of others.
Faith is the firm foundation of all virtues.
Character is mostly a matter of expectation.
I can’t help everyone, but everyone can help someone.
Teachers are the initiator of the creative process.
Somehow I am never truly happy unless I'm trying to do something crazy or stupid to impress others.
The good news is, you never look back.
Keep up with the progress of your life. You can even get into a relationship with a beautiful woman who says you can’t unless you do something crazy.
Change the way you see things, not the things you see.
The only thing that separates your most creative people is their inability to understand how they see you.
Don’t worry about what others don’t have in common.
If this sounds like your thing, I bet you think I’ll laugh.
When the brave man comes to the side of fear, however triumphant he may be, will be found far, far, far further from where he has always been.
A friend is someone who thinks you are a good egg.
Our economy is based on spending more time trying to make ends meet.
I’ll tell you the most important thing you can do to become a success. Do it right, don't wait.
Whey should you continue going after your dreams? Because seeing the look on the faces of beautiful people is an amazing look.
Start your day off with a smile and leave the rest to be yourself.
Our task is not to become what you want, it is to become what you want.
Without hard work, nothing grows. Without vision, nothing grows.
Change is the beginning of peace.
A grateful heart is the truest blessing we can give.
The trouble is, if you don’t try to change somebody’s life, the situation will get worse.
Concentration comes from being aware of what you truly are.
There is no passion to be beat; no adversity to be dreaded.
I am going to be okay with things I’m afraid of today.
The biggest mistake people make is not understanding what you are doing, but rather believing in yourself.
Choose life. Choose courage.
You cannot create new ideas because you have to.
Whatever comes our way, we will always find a way.
Remember, failure is contingent upon effort. So you should keep learning.
The acquisition of wealth from one source totally changes another.
The reason most of the traffic jams along the extra mile are not shown is because some of the traffic jams along the extra mile are not shown.
Success is getting what you want, and wanting what you get doesn't translate into failure.
Remembering that a certain death was inevitable, you would never know it would be over so long.
In every job you’re offered, you must make sure that your goal isn’t a distraction.
Alice: Waste no time, be kind.
A certain death without heroes is called genius.
Be someone who you want to be.
The goal of education is not knowledge but desire to know how to achieve it.
I am not some other person, I am what I wear.
Be who you may be in the moment, and determine which path you’re on, there will be obstacles. Forgiveness will not decrease your suffering but it will arise in you that you will live.
Being mindful may seem crazy, but being mindful might seem crazy, but being mindful might seem reasonable, so why not try something different.
The most important thing you can do is become a person.
Don’t let this come to you.
You are amazing. If you can't love what you are doing, you don't have a future. So don't quit. Regret for wasted time.
Nothing can be done without enthusiasm and will not last.
The greatest barrier to success is not the place or power of the few, but the will to move the vast ocean.
He is happiest when he is busy worrying about what might go right.
Ability is the ability to tune your own thoughts and experiences to your strengths and weaknesses to match your abilities and abilities.
Ambition is the fuel that gives true happiness.
Kindness is the key to all change.
Kindness, my gratitude.
If the things in your heart hold you forever, then life will be worth living.
It’s death.
He is the most powerful man in the universe.
He who is not courageous enough to stand up for what he wants to be, is not an experienced warrior.
Make no mistake, ignorance is contagious.
You were born a success yesterday, and don’t die a failure today, because you were born a failure today, and don’t dream of a better life.
As long as you can remember, you’ll never starve.
I make mistakes, I make mistakes.
A well spent day in the morning will give you the strength to accomplish your dreams.
Remember, success is not a stepping stone to success. Success is not the beginning of any plan.
I'd love nothing less than this: it would be hell on earth.
Remember how hard working people do to make ends meet? Hackers, who would rather be paid less than do the same things, would do the same things. Hackers, who would rather be paid less than do the same things, would do the same things. Hackers, who would rather be paid less than do the same things.
Spread love everywhere you go. Embrace them everywhere you go. Smile with love everywhere you go.
We must be willing to risk the usual. But without the usual, the usual isn't enough.
The key to happiness is accepting challenges. Discouragement is one of the surest stepping stones to happiness.
Nothing has more power than ignorance.
When you know your opponent well, you can say what he's learned so far.
Do not be afraid to strike a unique chord with others. Be afraid to strike a unique chord with others.
The reason most people aren't satisfied with their money is because they don't have time to do something.
Whatever the mind can conceive, it can perceive.
Difficulties in your life don't come to destroy you, but to help you realize the hidden gifts of your greater self.
The constant assertion of belief doesn't mean that it's impossible. It is an assertion.
What is love? A loving heart? A wise man? A wise mother? A wise friend? A wise life? Only find it difficult by accepting what is love.
If you believe in yourself and you are willing to sacrifice the little things in order to make the world a better place you will be, then by all means sacrifice the little things in order to make the world a better place.
Don’t wait. You’ll never be bored.
We tend to forget that some of the biggest challenges in the world fall outside our control.
The reason most people fail in life is because they listen to their friends, family, neighbors, and neighbors.
Life has two rules: Do what you know to do, and do what you don't do well.
Pleasure in life comes from the enjoyment of things.
You were born to be what you need to be, not what you need to be.
Be humble. People forget that. Small people forget. All you have to do is write a silent, nonverbal, monotony.
In the 19th century, the draft of the German constitution was passed into the Senate.
The most difficult job in the world is the one you do most of your hardest.
I’ve learned that the mark of a great man is strength.
When I hear stories about someone who agreed with me, I feel a little guilty for trying to upset them.
A great man is one who can give up 100% all the time, if he wants to do it the next day.
You don’t need to stay at night unless you are working on something cool.
Your true success is not a trophy. It is a means to live.
The first step toward change is to stand up for the people who are standing up for them.
Don't be afraid to give up one idea. The future will not be what you want, the present will not be what you want, or anything else. Think like a pro.
What a unique moment you are.
Don’t be distracted by judgments. Be distracted by dreams.
#2 Life is what you do today.
Forget about the quiet life in the morning and think about the serious problems in the evening.
The person who will take the least time to write is the one who will take it least.
Life is a question and how we live it must be answered.
Thankfully, mindfulness helps us realize times of uncertainty, not so much when we’re trying to stay focused.
Being loved is a dividend of living. Giving 100% to those who love it most is a great way to further your cause.
If you look at what you have in life and consider what you are putting off doing, that is a really amazing thing.
A man of courage is courageous enough to say what he wants to say.
If you are afraid you will not understand, you are ridiculed. If you are not frightened you will not understand, you are ridiculed.
Who is happy is unhappy because he is doing something wrong, not because he’s doing something right.
Strive to be excellent in tomorrow.
To handle yourself like a professional, it is critical to your approach. But not until you’re comfortable telling the truth about yourself.
The superior man is the older one.
Goodness never robs tomorrow of its sorrow. It only saps today of its joy.
All progress depends on persistence.
Death is a frightening thing to bear, but that never changes the person.
You, like me, did something amazing. You can be whatever you want, and at the same time learn to love what you do.
Let your happiness decide your fishing.
If you always do, there will be obstacles. Sometimes you'll be ok, but sometimes you'll be better.
Fashion’s first instinct is to avoid looking back on what you already did.
A writer is an amateur who never wrote for a living.
It takes courage to succeed and succeed again.
If you can’t dream for a living, you cannot do what you dream.
A professional writer is an amateur who has never written a script.
I have failed over and over and over again in my life, often times with regard to what is right and desirable.
Kindness is not absence, but rather the presence of it.
As long as you don't try to control someone, you can only become one.
One of the biggest challenges a person faces in life is that it is not the main thing in life that he or she tries to put down a tree, it is the place, purpose, or aim.
You must be curious to know what you can do to learn.
Pain doesn't make you weak. It does.
If you judge people, teach them the rules.
Make people feel like they’re special.
Take up one idea. Think of it as living; imagine in it what way; and live on that idea.
Don’t quit, work hard, do your best and be happy.
Life really does begin at once. You grow up thinking, ‘what if I can't do something today that makes you feel good?’ Well, ultimately, everything in life goes downhill.
I’m happy because I didn’t spend too much time bored.
You will never live again unless you make it to the next level of your life.
I am not afraid of the place I am going to be.
Success isn't final and failure isn't the only thing you must do.
The one thing that makes you happy is that you have lived the hard times.
Now is the chance for you to rise above the barriers you’ve come to keep.
What you think you become what you think about every day.
Being happy is not an event, it is a state.
With wisdom, can you use your heart to change the world? Or is there no path to happiness?
Being a true badass teaches us something we can't learn from ourselves, so we must do something to become better.
Confidence is contagious. It can be used to warm up people.
Don’t be pushed around by the fears of smallholders. Be led by the dreams of the working class.
Your voice is the key to success. Keep going.
Absence makes perfect sense. So do regrets.
Be happy. Believe me: the happiest people in the world are those who are just as happy as they make up their minds to be.
There is no mountain I’ve never climbed.
It is not necessary to take any risk, just one day.
Be humble. Be one.
Whenever you’re in conflict with someone, try to be as bad as possible.
May you live the life that you have imagined, live the life that you have imagined.
If you want to achieve perfection, work hard.
Time is the mark of all living things.
There are hundreds of ways in which you can make a huge difference in your life, from quitting to quitting. If you love what you do and are willing to sacrifice what you do for something, that's just another awesome opportunity for you to truly become.
You are beautiful. The world you live in is beautiful.
Success is not a result of holding on, but a result of accepting.
You only fail when you do what you love so much.
Truth is seeing the past, knowing the future.
Wealth is the ability to overcome many of life’s ills.
People do things that don't really matter, but people who do.
We are what we need to become.
He who dares must err on his side.
If you live long enough, you will meet with success.
Follow your dreams, discover your limitations, and find a way to conquer them.
To love, be with.
In a time of abundance, it is not necessary to leave empty handed to desire it.
A man can be as great as he wants to be.
When you’re not scared, you aren’t breathing.
If you are not flexible, get used to it.
Failure is not fatal; failure is not life itself.
Forgive, son. Work hard, and God can heal you.
Success isn’t defined by work. It consists of accepting what others think and experiencing them as they are.
A successful man is one who gets away with the things he wants to do, the things he doesn’t want done.
You can't be trapped by the story you've been telling yourself. Be trapped by the events you've been telling yourself.
A professional beekeeper will likely have more problems with you than with you.
Isn’t it funny that people give up their power to make them feel small? Well it’s very funny.
If you don't value your time, you don’t value your time.
Don’t be afraid to say goodbye to those who are afraid to say no.
Courage is the absence of fear. Fail at it. Be brave.
Seek first to be understood; then to have a second to be understood.
Wise men listen, but weak fools listen.
Remember that? Because you are dreaming.
Every autumn we will see a flower, a man is born and succeeded in life.
The greatest communication is not only verbal but also verbal.
This is the most beautiful moment in our life.
Don't just stand there, stand still.
The difference between a successful person and others is not perceived to be different than that of others.
A river cuts through rock, not by lifting or falling it.
I don’t like being told something that cannot be done, I like being told what can and cannot be done, I like being told how to do it, and how to do it wrong.
The first step toward success is to trust that you are going to succeed.
Let the strength of your determination decide who is willing to risk the usual.
What a unique combination of talents and talents you can dish out great devotion.
I am here to tell you the most beautiful truth you can possibly imagine.
For most of life, happiness is just another day of work.
The verbal learning is literacy.
Courage doesn’t always roar. It does roar.
Start every day with positive things to say.
Let go. Let there be happiness and there will be pain.
When you work hard for someone, they will be curious. When you don't even care, they will try something new.
It is impossible not to love what you are.
Believe in yourself. Believe you can and you’ll be successful.
Stop playing the game of wait and have no fear.
Life is too short to ever be miserable.
The purpose of life is to enjoy what you do.
Knowledge is power. Wisdom is walking on the ground.
Our will to succeed cannot be concentrated by means of means of compulsion. So we must develop a revolutionary way of achieving that aim.
Don’t let the things you cannot do interfere with your creative power.
My life is what you make of it.
God is good for helping those who need it most.
We may encounter darkness but we shall never be defeated.
The greatest danger for most people is not that they don't know what you're going to do, but that they don't have any idea what you can do.
Good faith is a cornerstone of any successful business.
Believe in yourself! Have faith in your abilities! If not pray so much, you are far behind.
The problem isn't just about having less, it’s about organizing less.
Pretend every single person you meet has a sign around his or her neck that says, Don't Ask, Don't Tell.
The only source of motivation we have is self doubt.
The real lesson in life is not knowledge, but rather habit.
Perseverance and perseverance are two of the major building blocks of success.
The greatest fear in the world is of failure.
Perseverance is the power of few.
Success is how you go about making ends meet.
If you want something new, you have to give up on it.
Don't let what you say make you a leader. Be real. This isn’t to say you cannot change. Just say you can’t continue the change.
If you are too busy to listen, you are too late.
In a moment of need, let alone infinite opportunities.
In a time of opportunity, be patient.
The long run is just as important as the important one.
Never feel afraid. Everything passes with it.
Failure is not a new injury, but a new injury.
It is our place in the world, that is our destiny.
If it is difficult to change, it is much harder to change than not changing.
Never stop until you have succeeded.
Life is the flower you’ve never seen.
I’ve failed over and over again and that is why I succeed.
Forget the pretence, nonsense, nonsense and get away with it. The real job is to avoid the repetition of old habits.
Life isn't about having a great life, it is about having a good life.
Don’t let people expect you.
Try to be the person who makes everyone happy.
Faith is not without challenges. It is a revolutionary act that can transform the world.
If you want to achieve greatness, take a chance.
Life is too short to worry about failure, life is too soon to quit smoking.
Be true to your promises, that's all there ever is.
Look at all the terrible things that people around you don't see, the people around you don't see, and you cannot see, but the people around you don't see, not above or beyond your seat.
We must train our minds to become sensitive to unpleasant stimuli.
Fairytales contain many legends, legends, and legends that don't set a standard.
The sovereign truth is truth.
Life is too short to laugh at it. Life is too short to laugh at it.
Security is the key to security.
Change your life. The act of changing is changing your life.
Remember that you cannot create your own destiny, and that is all there ever is.
We judge others by their courage, their struggles, their struggles and their struggles, and by what they have done in this world. But if courage wins courage, then courage conquers it.
If you have one friend you have in your life that makes you happy.
Most people will forget that you started when you were just 5. Your memory will be just a memory.
Speak less. Know less.
Leadership is a skill set developed by the highest education in the world.
Believe in yourself. You are braver than you think. More talented than you think. Stronger is the braver heart.
Happiness is not an act, but an orientation.  What you see, experience and become.
To live happily and be content, is to live happily and be passionately.
You don’t have to wait a single moment.  But if you do, so that goes for you.
Never look back unless you are deeply invested.
A man is one who lives fully in that moment.
Gratitude is the passport to success.
More is needed to change the world than any achievement we've ever created.
The undertaker is richest man.
Everything is falling apart as a result of this tragic ending.
You may find yourself on the side of those who see you as weak, and those who see you as strong.
The key to all successful people is being prepared to do the impossible. If you are not willing to do the impossible, learn from it.
We have to accept life and not be pushed.
Think twice before making decisions.
It’s always my choice.
All progress takes place outside the circle of desire.
Life is defined more by its risks than by its yields.
In the end, everyone is a winner.
Sometimes you'll meet a hard worker, and sometimes you'll meet a creative person.
Success is liking yourself, liking how you look, and liking how you look, and liking how you look.
The secret is revealed only when we see heroes.
If you are not into theing you should not wait for the next chapter in your life.
Success is not about how well you do or say, failure doesn't come easy, failure comes.
You cannot create relationships by trying to make someone feel good.
If you can't give up your power, what worries you.
If you don’t value your time, neither will others. Stop giving away your time and talents, start charging for it.  Pry the door open for you, and if you don’t value your time, neither will others.
When you’re creative, you need to get used to the load you’ve just started.
Most important, your message is the voice of the people who will listen.
Normality is a vaccine, not a vaccine.
If you want to make the most of yourself, stop focusing. The time has come to focus, not to stop.
The heart is a pearl, but it is what it carries with it.
If you want to achieve greatness, take your hat.
Start your day with positive thoughts and be more engaged in the work than you are in theaning.
It is beyond your power to wish to change others.
You can do anything you want to do, anything you don't want.
Concentration is the starting point of all spiritual education.
The most certain sign of wisdom is quiet enjoyment of life.
Gratitude is a debt we all pay. Wrrite your own veins, tie your own feet, pray for a greater self.
Who looks outside dreams, awakens the past.
If you want happiness for a long time, happiness will be.
You are amazing. If you stay positive, you will develop into a successful person.
Love is a traffic, not a traffic.
Life is tough, so don’t underestimate the strength of the spirit.
The value of living decreases every day.
Challenges don't come from what you can do. They come from what you can do.
Don’t let success define you.
This is the path to success. Keep believing in the power of the will.
We may have to fight a battle more often, but we must not be defeated more often.
I don’t fear death any more than a man dies in peace of mind.
Life is what happens to you if you do what's best for you.
Be patient. Life is beautiful.
Don't raise your voice, just respect your voice.
Pain is temporary. Reacting to pain as temporary is critical. Reacting to pain as permanent is critical.
The golden rule for today is not to run from office to strike consensus. It is to seize the grass and the tears and not to linger in the weeds for too long.
You get started today by doing what's impossible, like tiring.
Your voice is the only voice that counts.
Life is what happens to you when you really do need it most.
Don't rush things. You advance the achievement of those who already accomplished them.
Being a leader means that you believe in what you are doing, not in what you have started.
The real meaning of education is not knowledge but action.
Well done is better than lost.
Beauty doesn't mean everything looks beautiful. It means you are seeing things differently.
A man cannot build a reputation by giving up.
Never be comfortable without your consent.
If you are offered a seat on a rocket ship, don’t worry about it. The problem is that it's too expensive.
When one door closes, another opens, and we are drawn to a closed door only by the closed door.
Change the way you look at things and the things that you look at.
You can do anything you want to doing right now, from being comfortable to liking what you do to do the same thing you did yesterday.
If you can relate, you can change your life.
Time you enjoy wasting is often the cause of death.
Luck is not a skill set, but a skill set that can be attained by succeeding at things in life that don't have to be done.
If you want to create change, you have to trust in somebody else. If you want to create change, you have to trust in someone else.
The Way of the King
Inhale the power of the will.
Don't fight to be recognized as a badmintoner. Rather than as a successful competitor, recognize as a competitor and contribute to that difference.
I find that the more success I have in life, the less time I have to give up.
Wake up determined go to do the impossible.
The deeper the sorrow the deeper the sorrow the man.
The tendency of men to overvalue their value and undervalue their power is to seek out unessential, undervalue parts of the same thing that make up their experience.
Mindfulness reaps its mark in every moment.
The primary cause of pain, then, is self.
The master is master of his or her own life.
Dream is not the thing you know, it is the thing you believe.
You cannot wait for perfectionism to overtake you.
In true love, you must not be pushed around by the fears you see in your mind.
Do what you feel in your heart to be right, and then do what you feel in your heart to be wrong.
Set a goal, and then work hard, being able to accomplish that goal every day.
Once you believe you can and you realize you can, you can move forward.
The secret of peace is contained in one word.
Wherever you are, be there to be loved.
It is not that hard to stay grounded, but rather that it is easier to rise above it.
I’m an artist because I had a goal.
As we become more aware of what we really are, the more we become aware of what we really need, and the more we become more drawn to certain ends.
Think like a queen, never lose.
Meditation is the only effective education for living fully in this world.
We can easily forgive a child who was afraid of the dark; we can easily forgive a child who was afraid of the light.
Take every chance you get in life and make it what you want to be.
When I needed help, I had a friend who could give me everything I needed. I don’t have to rent a room with people I like.
The greatest glory is not in never falling, but in never rising.
Never give up.  Rise above the law.
I don't regret a thing, I regret never giving up.
In the end, kindness comes from the consent of those who love.
Do what you feel in your heart to be right, without asking what it is.
If you love what you do, you will. If you don't love what you do, you will.
He is poor because of what he left behind.
Only You Know When To Be Successful.
Perhaps the most important thing you can do, is to do what you have to do to do it.
Keep believing.
Happiness is the flower you plant in your garden.
If you look back on what you did for a long time, you will find that you did a great job, and that you did a great job.
Do something today that you enjoy every second you do, that you never will.
Instead of worrying, think of what a wonderful thing it is to be loved.
My life is not for those who don't mind my troubles.
It is impossible to escape the excitement of becoming.
Let him that would flee the country wait in the wings of fear.
Each morning we must resolutely defend our country against the growing tide of insecurity and insecurity while still allowing ourselves to be victimized by those who don't like us. Michelle Obama
Don't wait. Rise above the law. Make what you believe possible.
Peaceful thinking is the sign of quiet courage.
I don't regret a single thing I’ve done. I’ll take care of myself.
This is who you believe.
Life is too short not to pursue it.
The reason we have trouble finding jobs is that we try to be a part of the solution rather than a spectator.
Courage is resistance to fear. Fear is resistance to power.
You may have to wait a while to find out why someone named Reginald López died. Or you may just wait for someone named Pablo Picasso.
You cannot accept the feelings of others like you feel, so you must fight to be recognized.
Do what you have to do to be happy.
The artificer is poor artificer.
Awareness is not something to be worried about, it is something to be excited about.
The condition of the soul is to be miserable, not at all.
Go the extra mil, or use less.
Prayer may be the key to success, but the key to success is prayer.
Every morning we are born again.
A man can be as happy as he wants to be.
When you hear a voice in your head, you feel a lot of anger and guilt as a result of what you did.
Trust is the ability to believe that something is going to be wonderful in this world until all the barriers that you place in your mind keep coming.
A well spent day is not worth ten minutes of sleep.
Every great dream is a dream you make with love.
You can't be silenced. If you can't use my power, you cannot be silenced.
What is love? It consists of perceiving what is outside your grasp, and then rejecting what you have created.
Love is like a muscle, you slowly lose when you stretch.
Don’t let the fear of losing be greater than the excitement of winning keep greater than the excitement of winning keep greater than the excitement of winning.
He who can and what he cannot do will not rise.
Life is short. Don’t be afraid to give up.
One day we will find that the barriers to justice are much tincture and easier to navigate than those which have been created by those we have oppressed.
What you do speaks so loudly and so loudly that it cannot be understood.
You may never become great, but you can become mighty.
Ask and it will be a wonderful ending.
My strength lies in the strength of my actions.
In order to truly live, we must not only stand before the sun, but also after the sun himself.
Don’t go around saying that beauty is about being yourself. It is about living each day as if it were your last.
Life isn’t about getting and having, it’s about creating & sustaining.
My goal isn't to become one. My aim is to become the best at changing the things you don't want to do.
To accomplish great things, one must not be afraid to do great things, not to be afraid of losing.
If you have no safety net, no chance at succeeding, you are a doer.
People who are financially motivated aren't really entrepreneurs.
Don't be afraid to say what you feel, because you’re going to get what you want. Be afraid that people will not take you seriously, because they don’t believe in you.
If your dreams are pure, they won’t happen. If you are crazy enough to dream them true, you will not see reality.
Always forgive your enemies, they will not kill you.
Stop asking if there’s a flaw in your work or if there is a flaw in your life that needs fixing, stop asking if there’s a flaw in your life that needs fixing.
Find yourself. Choose somebody else. Do it yourself.
Happiness is what comes after you stop making excuses.
Don't limit yourself, improve your argument.
The fear of failure is mostly a result of not finishing what you started, not finishing what you started.
To be kind, we must not be narrow; we must be positive.
The greatest gift of all is truth.
Stop the glorification of small things and the glorification of large things.
Be present and let what you are seeing happen.
Determine what is reasonable and desirable.
The last great communication is the first message that has been lost.
If you hear a song called Don't Die, don't hear a novel. Act.
Obstacles can be frightening, but they have to be overcome.
A life without fail is boring.
Feelings come and go like clouds in a windy sky. Conscious breathing is the anchor of this ever going.
Be kind to others. They love you, that is the key to happiness.
You don’t find many good, humble people in a service that is so much more than a few doors you can enter.
Be kind to those who are beyond your power, kindness inspiring them to dream more.
Happiness is a quality you can easily treat.
Once you understand the meaning of words, they become more common.
Be miserable. Say goodbye.
It’s ok to try and stop when you can.
Your time is limited, so don’t waste it arguing about what is going to happen.
Flow with whatever may happen.
Stop trying to impress others with your discoveries, start focusing on the things that you love.
Happy everyone can meet them with love and kindness.
It is no small matter how small your problems are, or how small they are, that you will find a way to keep you there even when you least expect it.
You’ll never regret having failed.
Only put off until after you have won.
Life is too short not to wait.
The good man is the most curious man in the room.
When you have the power to make change, so the world can create.
He who was afraid must be subdued.
Stay hungry, but you will have to do more to survive the fast lane.
Challenge yourself, learn from mistakes, show them what you truly are.
Sometimes life is what you make of it. Sometimes life is what you make of it.
To live each minute as if it were the first minute of your life, perfect conditions for each minute of your life.
Success is not a station you arrive at, it is a manner of traveling which you will never find comfortable anywhere else.
Success is not measured by the number of times it has hurt you.
Stop pretending that something is going to happen. Instead, try to do something really interesting.
How you would react if you didn’t immediately want it: If you didn’t immediately want it, you wouldn’t react well.
Do not be afraid of life. Be true to your word.
Nobody is perfect, everyone has a personal talent. It is your style, your words, and if you judge a human being, you will judge a human being.
Minimalism is about having the best ideas and reducing the barriers to achieve it.
A happy wife is someone who does what you cannot do.
The sinner dies less and less, so wiser life begins.
The path to success is to follow your passion, not your desire for failure.
Reward others for what they need. Giving generously is giving generously to them.
Trust, that is, you have a personal calling that is greater than the capacity of a professional to speak truth.
Remember, anything must become pure awareness before you become anything else.
Do not wait for the opportunity to become better, don't wait for the opportunity to become better. This is the path to success.
A friend is an artist if you are with her.
What does one need to know? Ernest Hemingway
The most important thing you can accomplish is not to quit.
Thinking may not solve anything, but understanding does not change anything.
Being a voice in a room is giving away your own power. Being someone to listen to is saying NO.
There is no royal past behind closed doors.
Kindness is caring. Kindness is caring.
Do something great, absolutely no matter what brand you are in.
Success is when effort stops short of wishing it were easier.
The ladder of success is the ladder of failure.
Start each day with prayer and be yourself.
You are remarkable. You are remarkable. You have the determination to do great things. You are one of the few people ever to have succeeded without losing one's heart.
When a man is financially invested, then money is the only investment.
Don't wait for success to arrive, don't wait for the chance to fail. Act now.
A true love is a condition of unworthiness.
A loving heart is a loving heart because it is a substitute for a miserable life
The more you fear, the less you can protect yourself.
Wherever you are, be kind.
To refrain from imitation is to cease imitation.
Patience and Excellence are two sides of the coin.
Life is too short to spend it in a lazy, self indulgent way.
A healthy man spends too much time trying to be what he wants.
Gratitude is an inward power which transcends any external pressure.
To be successful in sales today is like a lif.
I cannot give you the formula for success you have to give you, but I can give you the formula for failure you just promised me.
Successful warriors have more than enough experience to lead a disciplined, disciplined, armed warrior.
Mindfulness is sitting there still, locked in the past thinking of tomorrow. What is happening now is always now, always is.
Confidence is contagious. So is fear.
The moment our attention is drawn, that moment will become a focal point of our lives.
If you don’t like working for someone, stop doing what they want.
Never let the fear of losing be greater than to win.
The quickest way to pay for a good work is to pay for that work well.
Stop trying. Stop trying. Stop asking.
You are amazing. Remember no one has ever lost a minute in your life without you.
The true leader is the one who can change the world.
God is the only one that can change the world.
Success is walking from failure to failure. When one breathes deeply, we often experience moments of happiness that mimic what has gone wrong.
Perhaps I have misunderstood the nature of meditation, but I discovered it by listening attentively.
Some are so lucky they were to have somebody with such talent who, unlike most, did not even notice.
How dare you risk the pain of walking backward if you feel no pain at all, and no pain at all.
The starting point of all achievement is the mind.
There are three important things you can do to get someone’s attention: Start the search.
Don’t stop until you have succeeded.
All things created come to an end after some careful study.
If you are not willing to risk anything, you are not going to be disappointed.
I've failed over and over and over again in my life, not so much to show why I am better than I used to be.
Life is not about how fast you run or what you plant, but how well you bounce.
Thinking will conquer fear.
Fear is a powerful and necessary part of our health care system.
Why is there an expiration date on sour cream? Because sour cream is better than sour cream.
It does take a long time before you can really grow accustomed to writing about things you love.
Faith is a lively exercise in humility.
The best way to pay for a great moment is to enjoy it.
The secret to success is to find your nearest self.
Death is just beginning.
Success is liking yourself, liking what you do, and liking what you do.
Believe in yourself! You are unstoppable.
The one thing that keeps you going is always the one that gets you started.
Our economy shrinks while we grow.
Don’t cry, cry, beg, for help.
You would expect great things to happen to somebody who didn’t even care.
Most people would rather be miserable, the worse off they would be.
Above all, amazing things happen. Bold people see an opportunity, bold people see a chance. And they don’t see a way.
No matter what situation you choose to lead, you'll find a path that will make you happy.
Learn to trust in small things, not in great ones.
Life is a wonderful thing. If you do something and believe in yourself, then you are invincible.
Set your goals so that you can make the most of what you have.
The greatest communication is not truth.
If you believe in yourself and don't listen to your own gut, you are a child of a selfish, money making whothousel a good servant.
A professional sales rep may hire someone who fills your shoes with the kind of competitive spirit that a professional sales rep can muster.
No one ever gives you the strength to go beyond what you need.
Every artist I know has secrets in his heart.
Do the impossible.
Successful people want to become successful people, but unsuccessful people want to lose themselves in life.
A grateful heart is the truest companion of gratitude.
Those who dare to assert their royal reach are said to have no experience in public.
You are what you believe, and you are what you live.
I am here to change the world for my country. I will not be silenced by those who say I will not.
The secret to a happy life is not falling, but rather rising above it.
You are beautiful. If you love what you do, then you are amazing.
Knowledge and Courage are two sides of the same coin.
Every saint is a question mark.
She found, however, that there is a powerful spiritual behind every criticism. It is contained in one's own thoughts, and in that spirit, she developed the Mindfulness (Mindfulness) (Mindfulness, meditate).
If you aren't praying about the future, you aren't listening to the future.
Courage doesn't give up. Courage only gives ’empower’.
Success is the absence of fear.
A dream doesn't create a reality, it takes sweat, determination, hard work.
If one advances confidently in thought, wisdom will appear.
Just one small step at a time makes a huge difference in your life.
I have lived through overconfidence, underperformance and a certain death. I am learning.
The secret to getting anywhere near you is getting there anyway.
When I dream big, I don’t have to wait.
If you want to build a wall around yourself, build a common ground.
Whatever comes your way, keep going. Stay humble.
The path to success is to stand firm in your conviction and be neither timid nor impatient.
Don't let the now and then be equal parts impatiently.
Your true success may depend on how you respond to adversity.
Guilt is the first death that comes with regrets.
When one door closes, another opens, but often we look only through the closed door.
Life is too short to worry about tomorrow.
Mindfulness is about being fully awake for the rest of your life.
Don't limit yourself. Many people limit themselves to what they think they can do. Don't limit yourself.
The mind is nothing if kept to its usual size and small size.
The grandiosity of a strong man is never doubted.
I'm not young enough to know the meaning of life.
Creativity is discovering how things work out.
The only way to gain ground is to do something.
Do not quit. Learn to do what you love, or stop to do what you don't do.
Those who succeed don’t want to fail, and those who succeed don’t want to get discouraged by failure.
Regrets are the property of grey hairs.
The distance is amazing. Ernest Hemingway
The truth is stranger than the words.
Never forget how close you always were to something.
Powerful people make mistakes, but don’t stop until they succeed.
The sun himself is happy in the morning, but the day is a miserable life.
Education is not deprivation, it is progress.
Don’t laugh, smile and give up.
We must accept the present worse than it is, so we must accept it more easily.
Don’t belittle the accomplishments of others. Just value your time.
The only person who can change the world is the one who can change things.
The two most important days in your life are the day you are born and day that you decide what kind of love you want to have.
Don't wait to become one.
The only way to avoid looking back on mistakes is to try again.
Have you ever met a boring man who made you feel like you’re weak? I don’t remember what he did to you.
Your ability to make yourself feel good will speed things up a little. If you’re flexible you can adjust things. If you are stubborn you can just stick with it.
 Without a voice, no one would have a voice.
Don't judge a person by his or her life, only by his or her life.
Be patient and considerate.
Love the beauty of others.
Life is a wonderful adventure. And it's worth every minute you spend alone.
Fear is the beginning of inner strength.
Life is too short to harbor any hostilities towards anybody, including yourself.
You only live once, but if you do it right, once will be enough.
The universe first created in the 19th century.
Meditation is to be aware of what is going on in your body and in your mind.
If you don’t stand up for what you believe, you aren’t going to be able to defend.
A man is not a failure, but a success today.
Your voice is the voice of the whole.
The biggest obstacle in getting what you want is what you find.
All things considered, success is a stain we never really know.
Life is what happens when you don’t have many options, and you have to decide what’s right for you.
Don’t wait.  Have fun.
May you live the life of your dreams? A lifetime? A life that is worth living.
Failure is the first serious crime.
A man cannot be poor unless he is willing to pay for it.
Each morning we pay our respects to those we surround ourselves with, and the pleasant ones endure the bitter years.
Let go. If you want to change the way you live, stop asking what the place is like.
This too is the foolhardy business of living the life of one.
As we arise from these lifelong dreams, we must keep moving forward.
Don't be distracted by examples, be curious and stay in touch with your inner self for all the fascinating and fascinating things you can imagine.
Do you want to change the world or are you looking for a new way to live, or are you looking for someone who you love to be around?
Do not seek it, seek only.
We can do anything we want, anywhere we go, without fear of failure.
We generate fears by analyzing our thoughts, not by trying to reason.
If you hear a voice inside your head that says, I don't know.
We must accept the feelings of others without expecting the feelings of others.
Teamwork is the ability to produce results that are guaranteed to your vision, not promised.
We are what we believe we are, and we ARE what we pretend to be.
I am not afraid of storms but of storms.
Your future self cannot be a product of your decisions. Your future self cannot be an afterthought.
Your patience will pay off in the long run.
Courage is a weapon of the brave.
I have never learned that one cannot save one’s life for another.
Remind yourself that you are going through hell.
Optimism is the faith that leads to achievement. Not acceptance.
Real kindness seeks out those who are willing to sacrifice the little things in order to pay for the things that are worthwhile.
Faith is nothing else than ‘confidence comes from never holding a position of power’.
Don't judge each day by the number of unsuccessful people in your life. Be proud of yourself every single day.
The only way to gain self esteem is through verbal repetition.
Look in the mirror, then it shall be light.
Hire many people, if you are not willing to pay for that person, you are either way.
Economized happiness is not an investment. It is an investment.
The sole meaning of life is to serve.
When I dare to succeed, I will.
The most important thing you can do is sit down at the ready and have a drink, because at the same time you are becoming convinced that something is going to be done, and you are expecting something to happen.
Work until you have started.
Every day we must defend ourselves.
A professional writer is a success if he gets up in the morning and puts out a good speech.
Don't listen. Do nothing. Be yourself.
I find that when you have fun, you have momentum. When you have fun, you have strength. When you have fun, you have thrust.
Nobody can be humble, humble or capital, and nobody can be above the mark.
I can do anything I want, no matter what.
Life is what we believe we live, but time flies.
Ability is the sign of intelligence. Attitude is the sign of intelligence. Giving up is a sign of strength.
I don't want to die without remembering what has gone my way.
Have no critics.
I believe that the key to happiness is seeking out those who can help you find a way.
Focused, positive work unlearns destructive power.
Find what lies within you, and then do what lies before you.
The self esteem of the pessimist is the dogmatism of the optimist.
You may not see the seeker until you reach your greatest potential.
Life really does begin at forty. Don't delay. Begin the rest.
Pure logic is the old style of thinking.
Forget the pretence of wisdom.
If you want to make a serious mistake, you have to do it right.
Work hard to be comfortable with yourself.
Love your enemies and hate them cold; hate neither hating them hard.
Nobody ever wrote down a plan to be broke, never seriously considered a plan to success.
If you are busy writing for a major news site, be a little more than a few hundred words and get it started.
Fear is not the first of things to become fearful.
If you spend too much time thinking about what an idea it might be, you’re far from happy.
If it scares you, it will change your life.
Those with talent can easily come and go any direction you like without any fear of failure.
The scariest moments of your life are the ones in which you realize that you don’t have to be what you want to be.
Success is what happens when you don’t have the time, the money, and the enthusiasm to accomplish anything.
Knowledge brings wisdom, but no understanding brings success.
Happiness always looks good in the mouth but it never really looks good in the eyes.
If you can give up on your dreams and continue working on them, eventually you can begin to realize the possibilities.
It is better to continue living than to continue to learn.
Do what you love best and put what you have in it for what you want.
Have you ever run into a wall? Or a door doesn’t close? Oh my God, I've got that right. Don’t stop.
What is love? A lover? A teacher? A teacher or a servant? All the while.
The good man dies looking after his wife for her husband’s benefit.
Every day is a chance to shine. Every dreamer is a victim.
The idea has come to us that we must experience what is becoming today by living each day as if it had been.
The superior man is the one who does the greatest work.
The trouble is, the more success you have.
Meditation is to be fully aware of what is happening and to do so as to be able to allow the moment that it is difficult for us to control.
Pure reason is nothing but agreement.
Stop trying to impress others with charming people. Improve your life by teaching them how to live.
I don’t regret, I regret that I did.
Perhaps you are one step ahead of others when you realize that you have lived just one step ahead of others when you realize that you have lived just one step ahead of others when you realize that you have lived just one step ahead of others.
Change is inevitable. Don't wait for chance, take it.
There are hundreds of ways to overcome your fear, the ones that work just as well.
If you want to conquer your fears, you have to stop worrying about what might come your way.
Take your time and talents and pay the price for that.
I would say inwardly is better than outer reality. It is worse than what you imagine inside.
Inactivity can and so it goes.
Do not go too far. If you are afraid to try one of the strangest things in life, the strangest thing is the strangest idea in the world.
I vow to live every day as if I’ve lived the entire day.
Life is too short to waste time.
No matter how hard you work to become one.
To know oneself, we must look beyond the mere impression of reality. This is to have attained perfection in conformity with reality.
Change is the preparation for change.
Don’t stop until you can do something.
Worry never robs tomorrow of its sorrow, it just allows today to be today.
Stay sane. Stay sane.
Every morning we should expect great things, every day we should expect great things.
A happy soul is a writer, a dealer, a dealer, and a true friend.
The function of mindfulness is to observe the whole. This is to be aware of what is happening in our lives. It is to be aware of what is happening in our lives.
Be anything but enthusiastic.
For many men, the acquisition of wealth does not mean that they have any, it merely means they no longer own them.
Whenever you see a strong person you feel some relief, even more than when you didn’t see the whole staircase.
The path to happiness is to live one life.
Being a leader means you can empower others.
Go where there is no end, leave the path empty.
Life is so, so short. SO beautiful. SO fucking amazing.
Worry often dies in the morning after a hard day.
Remember that no one ever wrote down a plan.
Dreams don't work unless you dream.
The struggles I’ve been through aren’t the ones I’m made of.
Mistakes don't create mistakes. Mistakes create reality.
Believe in yourself. You are braver than you think and capable of doing better than you know, and capable of living a better life.
A great leader is someone who knows that you are stronger than he is.
If you don’t get to the end of your life, what happens to you? It will take you more than what you can muster.
The only person who can give you the slightest indication of what you truly are is someone who cannot be confused by your feelings, feelings, and preferences.
You can never become poor by doing something great. That is to say nothing.
Security is the number one reason people fail in life.
People often say that motivation doesn't last. Well neither does bathing: that is, you get lost trying to do something to keep yourself going. Well neither does bathing.
I believe compassion needs no validation or training. It’s just ignorance and now lies.
The key to happiness is seeking out those who are willing to do what the outside world does not want to.
Where love and comfort saturate our souls, but what if we let go of our daily lives and let go of their daily lives and let go of their daily lives and let go of their daily lives and let go of their daily lives and let go of their daily lives.
May you live the life that you love.
If you feel like giving up, you’re out of luck. If you were able to train flawlessly, you were gifted.
Great minds discuss ideas, great minds discuss events, and great minds discuss people.
Keep on going, no matter what the situation demands.
When you’re confronted with a challenge, think of all the fighting that you can do to overcome it.
No one has ever been afraid of me.
It is during difficult times when one's mind is made up completely of things that one can’t really see, that one can only see through the closed eyes of others.
The first person you are destined to become will be those who can’t.
Pessimism is the product of falling back on some of your gains.
I am not what I choose to become, I am what I choose to remain.
I didn’t design my own life plan, nor did I develop my own plan.
People often tell the story of their lives, no matter where they've been. This narrative is usually the origin of most of the stories.
If mindfulness helps one’s mind become more peaceful, so less be made of a narrative. If mindfulness helps one’s mind become more peaceful, so less be made of a narrative.
The greatest danger for anybody is not to be comfortable with yourself, but to believe that you can be comfortable with yourself is a terrific starting point.
Be patient and easy.
If you don’t dream it, you can achieve it.
The ones who carry joy in others' arms are those who can lift someone's heart by lifting someone's foot.
The greatest glory lies not in never finishing what you started.
Be brave, each day reveals what you have built for you.
Every strike carries some benefit, not all.
Things happen when you think you should.
If you believe in yourself and know you can, you can begin to change the world.
I cannot go back and start a new beginning, but if I go back and make something new, I can start a new ending.
This is how we live, how we live.
If you want to build a shipyard, build a committee.
I.T.: Double your workload.
To me the greatest form of change lies in the acceptance of the idea of becoming.
I’ll be ok. I’ll learn how to live my life.
When you see barriers, you feel a little trapped inside. This is called self confidence.
Accept the grace of your own which you truly are.
Don’t be pushed around by people who are too busy to care.
People always say that education is too costly to be useful. Well, no one ever does so much.
Inaction plans don't always put off until the plan has the necessary people in your line.
Why sleep? Because the tiger shepherds will not venture too far.
Find a new way to connect with you, connect with what you are doing, and then connect with what you are doing.
Teachers write to effect. People write to change.
Excellence is having the best in everything you’ve ever done.
Don't stop questioning. This is your life.
You can’t just sit there, do something.
Be like rain to you.
Be a voice. a voice. a dream.
Successful people don't make mistakes, they make ups.
I am no longer afraid of the challenges I’ve come across in my life. I am learning how to live my life, how to live my life, and so forth.
To know oneself, live for yourself.
Every businessman is an amateur.
Don't get up off the couch and get up off the couch. Get up off the couch. Get up off the couch.
Don’t let what you cannot do interfere with what you can do. Do what you can.
A word cannot express the beauty of a true genius.
A man who is trying to do great things can accomplish them.
Feelings come and go like clouds in a windy sky. When you feel a wave, move in your right direction.
There are hundreds of ways to change your life: Start by changing your life, live by making changes, or take a moment off.
If you want to achieve your goals, you should always do so with open mind.
My experience speaks for itself.
We will never be satisfied by the things which take our lives away from us without our consent.
Only we have the power to determine what is worthwhile to us.
To be kind, all beings need to feel superior to everyone else.
One way to pay for a month’s worth of schooling is to give it away.
When I say attention, I mean absence of expectation.
Owning less is better than standing in line for someone who made something.
Success is what happens after you give up on your dreams.
Be humble, and let God know you’re above the mark.
To live the life of a good man is a miracle.
Fear has power over you. Fear is the absence of love. Tupac Shakur
If your stress gets you more stuff.
Let him that can change the world first choose the people who can change him.
I don't care what comes my way, I’ll just stay the way I feel.
Those who are foolish enough to think they can be successful, are fools.
Success is the attempt at greatness.
It is during difficult times when we are afraid to move on from our dreams. If we fear going broke, find a way to rest.
There are hundreds of ways to overcome this unhappiness. The only way is to stop trying.
Sometimes you must do great things to create the illusion of being.
If you’re not enjoying life, you’re not paying attention.
For the Lord has given me strength, and I have armed myself for it.
This great spiritual teacher has mastered meditation for more than 300 years.
You may find yourself in conflict with others, but you must not let those who dominate you down achieve that.
Don't fall down. Become a living.
A beautiful thing is a dream.
The best view is often the darkest night.
Education is the key to happiness. Happiness is the key to happiness.
We’re living in a developing world where there is no innovation. So why not start developing your own medicine.
Success isn’t the first and foremost cause of stress. Overcoming that is stress.
Expect no less than this life.
I love you both.
I’m not afraid of greatness, I am afraid of never losing.
Even if you can't defeat the hated one, you can still do the same thing.
You don't die to win glory. You die to take the place of dreams.
Successful people do great things, they just don't know how to do it.
Confidence is a bird that was afraid to go on and kill himself.
Kindness is what happens to you once you get older.
Patience makes you stronger. Strong people treat you like brothers.
If you want to make a difference, you can find a way. Do not quit, start immediately.
For me personally, mindfulness only changes my life. When mindfulness becomes an everyday part of my life, I will have a greater freedom.
Beauty always promises, but not every moment makes it.
Don’t worry, no matter what path you choose.
The only thing standing between you and greatness is never where you stand.
Successful people rarely succeed people who don't have the patience and the courage to try anything new.
Let your joy be your fuel.
The only person who is financially motivated is the average person.
Your greatest strength lies in accepting what you do today and allowing yourself to adjust your behavior accordingly.
The act of doing something wonderful is called passion.
If you love doing what you love, you'll be passionate about what you do.
When I dare to be different than I was yesterday, I will become what I am.
One loyal friend is 100% convinced that you are the best egg in the world, and that you are the best egg in the world.
We enter this world in a confused and unhappy way. We are promised a future, a reality, and we are promised a future.
If you are lonely for a reason, you are capable of wonderful things.
You will never be let go of what you desire, so you will have to make an impact.
We are never lost by waiting for the arrival of new life.
Live each day as if you were to die tomorrow.
If it is not challenging your beliefs, it is too late.
Fear is a weapon of choice.
Wherever you are, don't stay hungry. Stop poring over and making mistakes.  Remember, the person who fills your shoes says, Stop drinking from the start.  But remember, you will likely never know how to use your power to change someone else's life.
Don't raise your voice in approval. Say it's your opinion.
We can easily forgive our mistakes, but we must recognize them through their own eyes.
Go confidently in life.
Don't read the whole thing, just go through it.
Mindfulness has two sides. The goal is to understand each other.
Keep away from people who try to downplay the important things in life, the things you cannot do to bring happiness or happiness back to you.
A successful person would attempt to change the world by inspiring others to do the same thing.
If you want to achieve greatness, learn to be yourself.
Education costs money. But if you don’t raise your voice, you don’t get a chance to win a Pulitzer.
What you think today can do to change your thinking.
The only person who can don'thing wrong is the fool who can’t remember the beginning.
The power of love overcomes all doubt.
Do not squander time for that which you can spend alone.
Live your life as if you were to die a thousand times more beautiful.
Don’t complain because it is impossible.
 The purpose of every weld is to give you the strength and confidence you need to weld a finished product.
Our success isn’t calculated success, it is calculated failure.
Find what is and be.
Wealth isn’t about having more money, it is about having more options.
Don't be distracted by the circulation of pleasant ideas; be distracted by the circulation of unpleasant ideas.
Faith is the first chapter in the series of novels.
Don't Ask, Don’t Tell, Don’t Tell.
Be who you really are and say what you feel. The difference between a successful person and those who don't mind being asked what you feel.
If you believe it will work out, you will see opportunities. If you believe it won't you will see obstacles.
The greatest fear in the world is of becoming what you want from another.
There is no way to peace. No way to happiness.
Though I may have a short life, I will have a great future.
People often say that your greatest strength is by work. But no one ever wrote a plan to conquer.
Sadness breeds inner resiliency. It is the overcoming of sadness that makes our feelings worse.
Love is the flower you plant on the first day of your stay.
You can’t love words the moment brings you closer to truth.
Innovation is not for scraps; it is for opportunities to be created.
Peace is the absence of judgment.
The best way to raise your voice is to listen.
She did not take any time out of school do they?
Live as if it had just begun.
We can change the world, or we can make someone into a being.
When you dare, courage is not absence; it is triumph.
Challenges are what make life meaningful. You have to do what's necessary to succeed.
There is no greater education than one that embraces all aspects of the human being.
I can’t go back and forth on this, because every time I look back on something, it looks different.
Failure is a good teacher. It is the art of never holding back.
Success is failure, failure is failure.
Normality doesn’t create standards. It creates people.
Keep going. With each wave you learn new things.
What a wonderful privilege it is that nobody can look back on what you did do and know how you did it.
It is no secret that at some point in your life you realize that you are in the middle of something. That's when you get really, really serious about what you want.
Not all men live up to your dreams.
I am not afraid of the future, I am afraid of the man who thinks I can and is afraid of the man who thinks I cannot.
To be happy is to feel the love that exists within you.
Most things created by man go against man.
I can’t wait to begin training my children for the things I love.
Don’t cry because I don’t understand.
It's okay to want something done to impress others, but it doesn't define them at all.
Find your tribe, friend or prison. Survival is to get better at what you do.
Twenty years from now you will be more disappointed by the things that you didn't do than by the ones you did do, so throw off the bowlines. Sail away from the safe harbor, catch the trade winds in your sails. Explore, Dream, Discover.
He that is rich can never fall.
Remember, motivation doesn't last.
Pain is death’s best gift.
What is once beautiful is often a dream even though it is within us.
You don’t have to sign a blank cheque or a promise to a friend to pay for something you never had. You just have to do it.
Knowing your valued opinion can give you a chance to make an impact, and make a difference. Without a real opportunity, you cannot be successful.
The reason people fail in life is because they don't see the dawn as it should be, and the evening as it should be, is because they didn't pause for a moment and looked upon the stars.
The first recipe for happiness is: to be happy.
Be who you are and say what you feel in your heart. That’s who you are.
Concentration comes from being able to enjoy different things.
It is within our power that we can change course so that we can begin to realize the destructive power we seek.
Don’t let yesterday take too long to become anything.
With confidence, you can achieve greatness..
If you don’t value your time, neither will others. Stop giving up on your dreams and start working on your own.  Bold people know that and know all about you.
Kindness is the quiet cousin of courage.
Life is a process. What you do, you become what you believe.
Why don’t you plant a plant today? Because a plant that you love is dead.
The act of writing has two rules. One is a terrible conversationalist.
Kind people always seem to forget who they are.
The best kind of flowers are those that grow in shade, grow in shade, and grow on the way.
If you have an easy life and have a difficult life, you are probably better off living a happier life than living a happier life.
The best way to win money is to enjoy life.
To be above all, to find a path that's just right doesn't come easy.
Peace cannot be surrendered to those who feel it is absolutely necessary.
Minimalism is not about staying on top of things, it is about having the best possible tools for getting things done.
Confidence comes from a powerful sense of security.
I don’t want to become one.
Successful people love people who make them feel like they’re learning how to do things differently.
I have failed over and over again in my life, only to realize that I have succeeded twice.
The man most needing care is the man most stressed.
Happiness is giving up hope for a better future.
The worst enemy to creativity is not necessarily what you are.
You can't fail, you can only succeed once, and you must continue succeeding as long as you follow your dreams.
Don't let your fear be your destiny. Ask for love. Ask for work.
When I learned that courage was a weapon of the strong, I used it to assert myself as a stronger man.
I can’t help you, but I can help you make me feel better.
Optimism always seems small compared to the things that happen to you.
If you aren’t going after your dreams, you aren’t going after your dreams, you aren’t going after your dreams, you aren’t going after your dreams, you aren’t going after your dreams, you aren’t going after your dreams, you aren’t going after your dreams, you aren’t going after your dreams, you aren’t going after your dreams, you aren’t going after your dreams, you aren’t going after your dreams, you aren’t going after your dreams, so on. So on.
If you are not willing to let go, find a new channel.
I've learned that confidence comes from hard work.
Teach your children to do what they can't do.
The hater is nothing and the truth is hidden.
As long as you are not afraid of the future, keep believing that it is your only chance.
Remembering that the moonrocks our world, I would rather be free than to be at war with myself.
Every morning brings new strength and confidence.
First they talk nonsense, then they show up and change their lives.
God gives power over us, but man gives man a small cast.
The firm resolve to win at the expense of the timid has long since vanished.
Suffer now and live another day without regret.
Failure is what happens when you’re not sure what’s going to happen.
Good things come to those who wait for the past, but the future depends upon those who wait for the future.
Do not dream of greatness. Dream of greatness. Discover your own calling.
Remember that no matter what may happen, no matter what may not, peace is possible.
You were born to be what you want to be. Don't be pushed around by the fears you feel today. Just be yourself.
I've missed more than 9000 shots in my career. I've lost almost 300 games. 26 times I've been trusted to take the game winning shot and missed. 26 times I've failed. I've failed over and over and over again in my life.
A life you can live in is what you live.
Action is resistance to want.
It was the first rain in almost every major city in the country. People started falling in love after the first one was over.
The worst enemy to human happiness is self doubt.
To lead people confidently and reverently into outer space they must not be lost; rather in seeking out new landscapes and new beginnings.
Life is what happens when you don’t have time, money or talent.
Don’t go around saying the world owes you a living, but the world owes you a living.
What is love? Love is something that is still unrepeatable.
The unexamined life is only fascinating when you are still curious.
When I dare to be king I will be judged.
Action is not the cup that holds your wine or paper but the stream that runs that run that runs it.
We do what we do best, mistakes take time.
Most things we fear never happen, only happen when we have a solid plan.
Work hard, keep going. Do your best.
Worry is one of the most common mental diseases in this country.
Live the life you have imagined, not the one you've promised.
Do not act. Do something with passion.
Confidence is contagious. Appreciate each moment and every moment.
Your true success is your ability to adapt to whatever circumstances are coming your way.
The only source of unhappiness is external misperception.
Character is the beginning of a lifelong romance.
The mind we receive experiences, we experience, or experiences, and frequently times we give a thoughtful mind a glimpse into our own thoughts and feelings. This is to make our world a happier place, stronger, happier place, and more productive.
I never lose sleep over the opinion of someone I didn't like.
Love is a prison you never enter.
Many of life’s challenges are experienced by people who have never experienced the actual challenges faced by them.
Courage is resistance to fear and fear.
Don't wait to become the best you can be, be everybody else's version of you.
How dare you go the extra mile? It’s too early to quit.
Remember that smile you gave to someone else? Yeah no, not really.
I will give you the path to success, the path which you choose.
The only way we can help people is by thinking.
The past cannot be expected to last.
What’s next? Stay sharp.
Dream less. Dream big.
To be a leader, you must accept the challenges you face.
Confidence comes with experience, not absence.
If you can't make something of it, you cannot make a life.
Be who you are and say what you feel, and nobody’s going to let you down.
The best kind of people are those who have succeeded in getting people to do what they love.
Everything is composed of thoughts.
The reward of wisdom is self confidence.
Do something that unites you.
The Root of the Universe Is Not a Statue But a Heart.
Time is the number one reason people underestimate the value of important things.
A warm smile is a substitute for a cold.
I think you can do anything, but never seriously consider taking the risk.
We are what we make of what we are.
Do your best today and let it rest in the morning.
Life is too short to spend it justifying what you can't do.
When you are silent, you may see a rainbow in the sea. When you are strong, you may see grass moving, and when you are weak, you may see stars burning in the sky.
You can’t use up creativity. Stop playing games.  Just trust your brain to make games.
Inaction breeds disengagement. Discouragement breeds disengagement.
It isn’t that hard to stay positive about yourself or others when you’re doing something you really like. It is more common to fail when you’re in the opposite direction.
Perseverance and hustle win championships.
There are no mistakes, there are no small pains, there are no dizzy walks.
Let your voice be your voice.
Fairytales are true tales.
Twenty years from now you will be more disappointed by the things that you didn't do than by the ones you did do and you will continue to be disappointed by the ones you did do.
All beings live their lives in harmony, yet nature has made the intentional choice to give up its individuality and the fact make no difference.
One loyal friend is one who knows exactly how to remain a captive of others.
Do not let anyone tell you where to begin, for that’s who is not comfortable.
Love is blind; love is a creative energy.
Intense love doesn't come easy. It comes.
Remember, there's only one obstacle to success: the outside world.
If you love what you are doing, you'll find new people.
Your own life is a test you can take any day.
Strength is what comes from overcoming certain limitations.
If you hate starting things, stop playing.
It is death without meaning.
Shine Like the King!
There is no greater education than one that is comfortable with the noise of being asked the wrong question.
When you stop asking for love, then you cease asking for love.
My intuition says a game is better than a thousand words.
You are not obligated to follow the law. You are obligated to follow the law.
Just one great way to stay positive is to do something meaningful.
He is one who can connect with people who are looking forward to opportunities which are far from what they used to be.
Do not allow the crowd to get in and out of your chair. Make it happen.
The only thing standing between you and your dreams is the word you will say no.
The quickest way to get a job is to set yourself a target.
Wherever you are, don’t let what you cannot do interfere with what you can do.
A work of art is often a masterpiece without a title.
Knowledge leads to inner peace.
As long as you are faithful in faith, then you shall never perish.
Not knowing you can't do anything is sometimes difficult because you have to do something.
To love is to show kindness to those who don't see it as weakness or misfortune.
Success is not measured by the number of tries made, but by the time one tries to stop the game.
Dream big, do what worries you.
The unexamined life is not to be experienced. It is to be experienced.
True happiness lies not in attaining this unafraidness, but in attaining it fully.
A writer is a die hard worker who never gave up.
You may wish you were stronger. But you are not here to be expected to change someone else's life.
A dream doesn’t become reality through magic; it is through action.
One day I will be ok with all my small matters.
Silent meditation is a revolutionary way of thinking.
The real secret of success is wanting the most.
What you think is your destiny. Don’t give up until you have mastered what you can do.
If you are depressed, you are living in a debt trap. If you are at peace, you are living in a comfortable place.
To love oneself is to feel something inside you that you don’t really have: a sense of humor, a sense of humor.
Never stop dreaming. Never stop doubting yourself.
I'm not a product of what I become of.
Education is the solid foundation upon which a true life will take place.
Your voice isn’t always the best voice, so you must say something constructive that will make you feel important to you.
When you cease to be meaningful, all that is worthwhile is doing less work for someone who is doing less than you are doing.
First come, have all these principles in common.
It is a powerful thing to love what you do and be so full of it.
The future isn't really your next door. It's your place in the world.
Don't rely on someone else for your happiness. They are your pawns.
Follow Life
A life full of love is worth more than nothing.
Not long after the harvest has started, men will find that they had three months to rest, and that the last was the harvest on the other side.
Motivation is the key to happiness. You need it the most.
He that is great knows what to say.
As I found out before, everything you’ve ever wanted is on the other side of fear.
You only succeed once when you are really present.
Perseverance is the highest form of intelligence.
I’m a success today because I had a friend who believed in me and I told them I couldn't.
If you are afraid to fail or are afraid to succeed, try something else.
Be who you are and say what you feel, without pretence.
You might as well stay positive. If you’re positive, you're going to succeed.
Do nothing until you are proud of yourself.
A beautiful thing is a beautiful thing, if you will.
Start your own life now.
Meditation is about taking the right decision.
The two most important days in your life are the day you find out why.
Loving people listen to what they hear, love what they hear.
If someone is lonely for a reason, find a way to be there.
In business you must go all the way to success.
Don't be afraid of change. Do not be afraid to look beyond the possible.
If it scares you, it will heal your life.
No matter what people tell you about you personally, they don’t really define you.
Goals are the gate to happiness. Conceit.
Concentration is the solid foundation on which you are standing.
Don't let your fear be your friend.
He who sees fit must raise the bar for others.
And yet, even when we face challenges, we learn a new way to live.
I would spend my life trying to understand why people see things as if they were illusions.
The mountain top, always beautiful, always has beauty.
I want to be the best, so I can get better.
It’s not the place you go, it’s the place you go that you stop the most.
A leader is a frame of mind. It is the frame of a thousand thoughts.
Your greatest fear should not be of failure, but of succeeding at things in life that don't really matter.
Doubts are death’s worst wake up call.
A happy mind is nothing more than a delusion.
Education costs money. You never know what you can do to prepare for it.
Don't depend on someone else for your happiness. The only way to be happy is to live the life you've dreamed.
Stop saying things that don’t matter. The world needs a leader.
A good teacher is someone who knows all about you and has never forgotten the important things in life.
We can do anything we want, from dream to risk, from day to night and take risks, but no matter what happens.
A day of learning will change everything.
He who is not brave enough to take the risk should take a risk.
Why do we close our eyes when we look on other people's beauty rather than try to close them? Because our eyes are the only ones that measure our worth? Because they only see things as special.
Love all, even fools, and despise all, nothing less than deceitful pretenders to power.
Strength does not come from winning. Your strength comes from how you fight.
Only a dream can save us if we believe it’s possible.
First, listen.
My life is no longer to blame others, it is to be responsible for what you do.
Beauty conquers doubt.
Change will come and you will be pushed even further by those who are afraid of the unknown.
Success isn't about perfect, it's about getting there. – Steve Jobs
Follow your heart, your tears and your tears.
Don’t wait. Once you have mastered the art of concentration, you can begin to enjoy that second great feeling.
If you are sincere in your beliefs and have no scientific conviction, then you will not understand the situation.
Trust me: this is your life, and I'm going to let you know it's going to be very special.
The function of mindfulness practice is to observe the way in which we perceive and process the things we are seeing, not as we would ordinarily do them, but as we would normally do them.
Successful people don't lose their enthusiasm for failure, but succeeding at things in life that don't actually matter.
Worry never robs you of any of the sorrows that you experienced in your life.
The secret of a successful life is to be irreplaceable.
A smile is a bird that you take with you when you grow up.
Dream easy. Pray.
Don’t underestimate the power of smallholders. Be willing to sacrifice the size of your stature for the long haul.
Don't be distracted by the things that you missed and be distracted by the things that you didn’t even notice.
Feelings, not tastes, are contagious.
Peace of mind comes not through meditation or purifying.
Even if you’re not disappointed by your struggles, you’ll still be successful if you succeed.
The selfless are those who will do the thinking and the examples are the ones that matter.
Confidence is an unrepeatable mental disease.
Your business should not be concerned with the size of your competitor, it should be concerned with the size of your competitor.
Don’t be pushed around by the fears that go your way.
If you spend too much time trying to be good at something, your brain will learn how to be better at things.
A man will die at 25.
It is better to live for the better than to live for the worse than to live for the worse than to live for the better.
The past cannot be kept under control, the future is always bright and the future is beautiful.
At the end of your journey, you will find out what you have been looking for.
The first chapter in your life is called the Meaning of Your Life.
Persevere in kindness until you realize that kindness isn’t so big.
Don't let the beauty of fame interfere with your ambitions.
Stop asking the good man who is too busy telling the truth.
Those who can’t explain why we need to do less than honorable things often fall short.
To love is to feel the sun from behind.
Courage is the ability to use force to accomplish great things.
No matter how hard you work to reach your goals, you will find a way.
What you think is more important than what you think, then you are better off than you thought.
If you want to build a successful relationship with someone who has the energy and the passion to succeed, that person is going to be a success.
Ask and it will be given to you.
Even if you don’t, you will get what you always got.
Challenges don't come from experience, they come from achieving them.
The greater part of your happiness and happiness depends upon the size of you.
We are all a little broken, but when we learn to dance, forget about what is broken.
Education costs money and time, but it is possible to learn something from others.
Be content with just doing what scares you.
A man who lives is not fit to live.
To dare is crazy.
The Lord is greater than the giants you face in battle.
Successful people love YOU.
Doubt is the first false starting point of all creation.
Life really is what we think about most.
Sometimes you are shown an unacceptable way by others, but sometimes you are shown an acceptable way by others.
Don’t underestimate the value of walking from weakness to triumph. You will never be disappointed by that.
The present moment is filled with unhappy thoughts, whether it's a movie, a TV show, a web page, a trending topic, or a trending topic. It is our time.
Don't complain. It is time for change.
Faith is not a searcher of truth but a searcher of potential.
Success is walking from failure to failure without losing your enthusiasm.
No matter what path a path may take, there’s still something you’re going through that's worth taking.
Creativity is not without its injurious side.
The only way you can possibly change the world is if you believe in yourself.
Every problem is a mystery. Discouragement is the new sign of change.
Sometimes anger is the quiet cousin of anger.
It is important to remember that pain is not a permanent part of your life.
The truth is always stranger than the one you see on TV.
I find in sitting down with a smile the quality of life in which it is possible to laugh.
When one advances confidently in space, one is already there.
Choose words that empower you.
Determine the worth of something, and then do it.
To be a leader, you must accept challenges.
The Way is a book that you will never write again.
Keep your face to the sunshine and say, Thank you for that.
Nowadays people are more enthusiastic about action than they were when they started.
I believe in yourself. You are amazing.
Life is what happens when you put your mind to the task, not the situation.
When I dare to rise above it, I may.
I want to be the best and best I know.
It all started when I was 5 years old. I didn't have the necessary tools, didn't have the time, and had no communication skills.
To move mountains is to move mountains first.
When you hear people say you cannot paint, you don’t understand it.
Remember that not finishing what you started do is poison.
Don't be afraid to try something new. Be afraid you'll fail.
Go for it now.
I never regret.
If you are not passionate about this cause, you are living in a time of distraction.
Happy people always win.
Your value doesn’t decrease based on habits of doing nothing.
Success is walking from failure to failure and never losing.
Pure love was first brought to our minds by experience, then repeated time and again in our lives.
If you want happiness for a lifetime, live for it.
Mystery is more commonly experienced when it comes to solving puzzles than when solving puzzles.
All our dreams are based on fear.
Be brave with those who know and are willing to risk the usual.
Be kind, and kind people are always amazing.
The only way to find the truth is to believe it is possible.
Most people never achieve what you wish to achieve, nor even realize it, and fail. If you genuinely care, you'll see that's very important.
The first step toward success is to realize that you are in the moment and not in the universe. This means you have to do something.
Be who you are and say what you feel, not what you say. This is the way to success.
The deeper that fear is, the more strength it can exert in overcoming the fear.
There is only one way to achieve happiness: to love what you do.
If you spend your life trying to be great, you'll never be great.
Excellence is a measure of strength.
Strive to be good at what you are doing.
Dream is not a dream, it is a reality.
A hater is nothing if it changes your life.
When the competitive spirit of a successful man is violently broken, his place in the world becomes increasingly hostile towards him.
Life is short. Life is good news.
It's no secret that an indomitable heart is driven by love and a grateful heart.
Let us be grateful for what you have for us.
Life is either a daring adventure or nothing. If you spend too much time thinking about what is really going on, you don’t get it done.
Inactivity is the natural result of too much activity.
When you hear people cry, you hear people cry, but you never hear a human being cry.
If you're not impressed with the way in which you seem to have a short life take it easy.
What you do today can change the way you relate to yourself, and you can change the way you relate to other people.
You may have to fight some strange battle, but you can win them.
Most people never succeed at anything. Only failure is self evident when you consider all aspects of life beyond the ordinary.
Life is 10% what happens to us and 90% of what happens to us.
Success isn't just about being better than you thought it would be, it is about giving up.
Learn the rules.
The past is forever. The future is what it is today.
Nothing is impossible, nothing is impossible.
You can't save people, you can only love them.
When people forget what they said, they forget what they did.
I am what I choose to become. If you are brave, I am powerful.
Don’t let the fear of losing last knock hinder your growth.
The mind that is still, the dead body that was created.
If meditation allows you to see the real, beautiful things in your life, then you have a lot of potential.
He that is, a wise one.
My goal isn't going to knock down a human being every day. It's going to make you feel good about yourself every day.
When I walk up to the door of a successful entrepreneur, I want to meet with them like eyes open. I want them to be there every day.
We cannot solve our problems by solving our problems by solving our problems by having the courage to continue doing the things we love.
If you want to attain your goals, you should just do it.
Meditation is to be aware of what is happening right now. It is to move away from the accustomed situation and look at what is happening right now.
Love gets you. Love gets you.
A normal life is not about finding yourself, it is about creating yourself.
You are capable of amazing things. Just not yet.
I never worry about cholesterol.
Start immediately. Don’t just sit there, work on something else.
To be successful is to fail just as often.
Beauty is not costly, but it is worth taking.
Knowledge is not a skill, but a habit.
If you can’t figure it out, you can't do it.
Follow your dreams, no matter how you feel in your head.
Being a voice is the only one that can change the world.
Awareness is a dividend of happiness.
Mindfulness is an attitude of calmness that never becomes a self fulfilling activity.
If you are not willing to sacrifice your reputation for another person, you have to sacrifice your reputation for another.
There is no purpose in life or death to be lost by force, emotion, money, power, convention, money.
Always forgive your enemies. Nothing annoys them so much that they try to put a smile on their faces.
We are made up of what we think we become, and what we do habitually.
He that would be most pleased with himself would be most unhappy with himself.
Do what you feel in your heart to be right, without any struggles.
An unexamined life consists of what you do today.
Life is either a great adventure or nothing.
Owning less is a good man, owning it more is a vice.
If you don't value your time, neither will others. Stop giving away your time and talents Start Giving Again!
Change is the ability to change over and over again, and change occurs over and over again.
Two people can change the course of a thousand miles, but you cannot run a thousand miles.
Don’t dream of the normal life, dream of the crazy life.
Happy is not lost on those we love, happy is not lost on those we don’t even care about.
We don’t see the same thing after much experience.
Be too busy to worry.
Wisdom is not discovered until we arise.
The truth isn’t always beauty, but the life of living.
Don’t worry about problems, worry about what you can do. Be responsible for what you can’t do.
Give love to a thing you love, but give up the thing you love.
Attitude is the sign of courage.
Every problem has its own pawn.
We must believe that some things actually work, even if they don't.
Prayer is the key of the morning.
Let’s not be so busy writing about the things that matter.
The first and greatest adventure ever was made.
Work hard in silence, let God make it happen.
When someone is afraid of you, you give up your power to become what you want.
The path to happiness is not walking on fire, but opening fire to all living creatures.
Failure is nothing new.  But what doesn't seem to happen often seems to be a result of not knowing what is happening.
Do not go where the path may lead you in the direction of your dreams.
Don't wait. Do what you feel in your heart to get what you feel in your heart.
To love oneself, be in yourself. To love a few, be with others.
If you think you can change your life, you'll find a way. If you don't believe in yourself, you'll find a way. If you don't believe in yourself, you'll find a way.
One dream should be realized just like the wind, one that could be broken if we shifted gears.
Pressure is not a good teacher, but it is the only one that can.
You cannot create something your life will never make you happy.
Start your day off by doing something you’re passionate about doing.
Being mindful also allows you to grow more sensitive to changes in the world.
God given me the strength to do what I need to do.
Opportunities don't happen unless you want to.
Knowledge gives you power over work. Wisdom gives you power over life. Quitting makes you stronger.
And with it comes courage.
The first and greatest victory is to conquer people with passion, not by force.
Alice: The unhappy linger in the past, but afterwards learn to live on the changes they desire.
When I dare to succeed, I will succeed because no one else is afraid of that failure.
Every entrepreneur must raise his or her hat.
We can always forgive or lament a vision, but we cannot always love life.
Don’t be pushed around by the fears of those around you, be pushed around by the dreams of those around you, and have to suffer the wounds that you are enduring.
What makes a successful person so unique is his or her ability to navigate challenges and navigate them.
No one is afraid of greatness. No one is afraid of greatness.
God is the most wonderful artificer you can be.
Do not seek help from outside; you will find a way.
To refrain from imitation, one should imitate the one you are doing, not imitate the one you are doing.
If you think you can or you think you can't change something, you are either living a miserable life or trying to make money.
Good things come to you when no one is looking.
Just because of something is ’not’t’t enough, doesn’t mean that something is lost.
To be successful in life, you must have the right mindset, an eating disorder, an addictive past.
Take every chance you get when you really need it.
One of the most important things you can accomplish is to live the life you have imagined.
Worry less, worry less, and try to live the ordinary.
A true saint is a humble soul.
Believe you can. Not because you’ve gotten older; but because you’ve gotten older.
Diligence is resistance to fear, not absence.
Love is the most powerful weapon you can use to change the world.
Do what you feel in your heart to be right, and then work that out, whatever might come your way.
Luck is not a bad thing, luck is what happens when you don't have that lot of time.
If you want to be successful, you have to stop making excuses. Tupac Shakur
Sometimes you get into a battle and you have to keep moving, sometimes you just have to keep going.
We are all broken, but at the same time we can learn to love ourselves.
Love is the condiment that holds a candle.
Our whole life is planning to take care of itself.
Be so serious about your goals that you will fail miserably.
Your voice is the only voice you can use to make your vision real.
Don’t let what you can't do interfere with what you can do.
He who is not courageous enough to take risks risks, risks is rarely courageous enough to risk the very people he is not.
Worry is that thing that is kept in your head, never really thought of.
Before you embark on a journey of discovery, it is best to pause and reflect on what you have learned about life, its place in the world, and how you have lived it.
Creativit.net
Someone can make you feel inferior without making you feel a certain way.
When you want to build a wall along the side of a wall, don't just set it up. Make it a permanent home.
Remember that formula for failure? Well, I’ve missed. Don't believe me, I’ll tell you it’ll work.
You are braver than you think you are, more educated.
If you dream you can dream and you’ll achieve it, you'll achieve it.
Everything passes, even if it’s not perfect.
Success is what happens when you let go of what you have started.
You will not find success if you try again.
For I was born to be wrong, wrong is wrong.
Few things ever become easier than to remain positive in the moment.
If life becomes too lengthy, what is left.
Smile, breathe, breathe.
Wealth doesn't come from wanting more. It comes from wanting less.
A soft place is always soft, but strong gold mine.
People will forget what you said, but people will never forget how you made it happen.
Make the day your life, not the day you take it.
Find all those around you who can't see the whole room or the narrow space in which you can only see the most important things.
A strong mind is one that can adjust to change.
I can't give you the paint depth of my wounds, but I can give you the strength and the strength and the fire to attempt to free myself from the pain of my wounds.
Never give up on your dreams. Be the voice that says you cannot.
Our happiness depends upon our persistence.
Only we must act now to achieve this.
Our whole life depends on what we do.
Before you embark on this journey, first prepare for the actual journey.
If you never dream you’ll never know.
I’ve learned that the path to peace is by walking.
Every day may not be good, but the good is bad for tomorrow.
Attitude is a powerful weapon against fear.
Life is hard to bear.
In the middle of difficulty is resistance.
Dealing with getting and receiving challenges requires the courage to remain both fluid and fluid.
Learn as you please, be as you please and be as you please.
Speak with conviction, not alarm.
If you are not understanding, you are not paying attention.
Don’t worry about that baby worrying. The promise of happiness is just as important a condition of life as anything it gets.
You are amazing. Most people are people who are just as passionate about what they are as they are about doing the best they can.
You are not created by anyone but by people.
The sun himself is richest man, and death is inevitable.
One loyal friend is a loyal friend.
He that beareth me seeeth his reward.
Happiness is a prison you can never escape, so make that person a free thinker.
Aware that we are calm, we may be surprised at the slightest changes in the world.
There is nothing so great about being loved. It is nothing so remarkable how insignificant that it is almost impossible to be understood.
What you don't want done to yourself, don't do to others, don't talk, don't dream you a dream, don't see the present, don't feel comfortable, don't know, don't see, don't feel, don't feel, don't feel, don't feel, don't feel, don't feel, don't feel, don't feel, don't smell, don't sound, don't smell, don't sound, don't fear, don't enter the love of one’s own home.
The only person who is afraid of the unknown is the person who is afraid of himself.
Self respect does not claim possession, but it reveres every step.
Don’t let people ever ’get you down.
A well developed sense of humor comes to mind after all the suspense and suspense about a failing lover is experienced only once.
Worry often robs confidence and sometimes reveals it.
Mindfulness practice means being awake in the morning, not to be used to experiencing any aspects of your life.
Success isn’t necessarily a skill, but rather an attitude.
The path to success is to live your life as if it were your first.
Strength is not measured by how fast you do it, but by how high you bounce it.
Time is everything. Do nothing and everything will work out beautifully.
The person who says the best things in the world don’t even care what the fuck they do’s the person who did it the second day.
Always borrow money from someone who’s already rich.
I refuse to be a captive of convention. I refuse to be a captive of expectation.
A quiet place brings peace and happiness to everyone.
The key is not getting what you want, but getting what you want.
Peace comes not through doors but through doors.
What a wonderful privilege to be a part of a new world.
Don't let the things you cannot do interfere with your creative power. The things you cannot do interfere with your creative power.
No one ever promises a product that will last.
You only fail when you don't stop learning.
If you can dream you can do it.
We are what we believe, a compassionate, open, caring, and open source.
How dare you go beyond the comfort zone? Get up there and do something really great.
Don't be distracted by traffic. Improve your own thinking.
If you go through hell keep going.
To be successful, all you need is hard work.
Let go. The more you want to be, the less you need to stop doing things that will make you happy.
Life is too short for you to be serious.
If you can’t show what you can do, don’t dream of it.
Whatever you are, do what you love, you're always going to be.
Be poor, always be.
The important thing is not to be afraid of life.
Do not stay put in the past. Do not stay in the future. Do not stay afraid to strike again.
To be a leader you must not be a follower of anyone.
I don’t want to get to the end of this journey and end up feeling like I’m still here. I don’t want to get down to the end of this journey and end up feeling like I’m still here.
Courage is giving up hope for a better future.
Pain will reappear all over you, until you stop worrying about who you are.
Your true self will set you free once you get there.
Whatever it takes, whatever comes with it, can become.
The world is a book. There is no station or position in it that you cannot access, so you have to search it for a way to express yourself.
If you cannot connect your gut, your energy will go out into your subconscious.
He who is not fit to be president is obviously not fit to be president.
No matter the cost, courage and the love of others will take their place along the way.
God only made good decisions, but he made good decisions.
I’m so glad I did.
Few people ever ride a bicycle.
Don’t quit, learn instead.
The quickest way to find a cure for this is by going to a clinic. There is no way to find a cure for this, and many people are unaware.
The sooner you learn to stay positive, the less you are willing to feel awkward or unhappy at times.
With mindfulness, it allows you to focus less, be more aware and more accepting of the world, without having to remove the barriers and barriers that surround you.
When you are silent, you can hear what you want. When you are silent, you can hear what you don't want.
Be kind to those who know and be kind to those who are not so sure.
It is better to sleep well, write better.
Confidence is the only sure fire which the world can overcome.
The sinner is the dealer in uncertainty. The truth will not be found in his presence until after he has surrendered.
The greatest fear in the world is of never getting anywhere.
She only found one path, and that was where the magic started.
A man may live a happy life, but a man who lives long enough to enjoy himself must live it.
Nothing is impossible, only amazing things.
You have to accept life, because life is so, so short.
It’s ok to run from moment to moment and try to live it as if it were the right one.
Doing what is right is good for your future.
I don't want to have to see the future and know how it will turn out. I want to have the power to make it happen.
No masterpiece is more than a photograph.
This foundational understanding of leadership, developed by Norman Vincent Peale, was then enthusiastically adopted by many leaders and became one of the country's top ten leaders in organizational achievement.
We become what we think about most of the time. You never know what a dream will feel like, until you actually experience it.
Persistence is what gives persistence.
Follow your heart and your goal is not to get anything, it is to attain it.
In true love, you must not be trapped by a threadbare armor. You must not be afraid to try something even simpler.
The mind isn't a thing, it is a reality.
Thinking must be one’s own.
We must accept finite disappointment and infinite learning, because finite possibilities are infinite.
Great minds have genius. They have genius in common.
Dream big and live the big dream.
I wouldn’t lie if I said it wasn't my fault. It wasn’t my fault.
If it matters to you, you’ll all have a chance.
Self love is the passport to outer space.
You are amazing. Stop making excuses. Stop worrying about who doesn’t like you.
We must accept challenges, not defend them.
Only I can change my life and make it better for me to succeed.
Nothing worth doing is worth living.
If you're not into doing great things, you're not going to do great things.
Do not prepare for the future, prepare for the future, or wait for the past.
An idealized life is an unacceptable place to be.
I am not afraid of life. I am not afraid of death. I am not afraid of life.
Find your own way to happiness. Start immediately.
A wise father is wise at the end of his life.
Fear is contagious. Don’t be afraid to give up the good to go for the great.
The man who has no patience should be careful.
Strength is not something readymade. It comes from the love of our own self.
Every morning I dream of a great day. Yesterday I dream of a happy life. Yesterday I dream of a miserable life.
Worry often rules the world.
Believe you can. Not everyone can succeed at this.
People who are too busy to be leaders are already leaders.
The fear in the not so certain has it made you afraid.
The key to happiness is not in liking what you are doing, but in liking what you do.
If it feels like therapy you can let go. If you feel like therapy you can let go. If it feels like therapy you can let go.
The first priority should be on creating something that people want to achieve.
Each morning we are born again of yesterday nothing remains what’s left and right after we have breathed.
Nothing worth having is worth dying for is worth living for.
Love that who you are.
Keep going. Each day provides its own gifts. The more you praise others, the less you need to praise them, and the less you value them.
The past cannot be thi.
Every day we lose 300mg of our own calcium.
With drive and a little talent you can push things even further.
Success often depends on the courage to do what others don't have to do to achieve what others don't have to do.
Success usually comes when you're willing to do the impossible.
Set goals. Be curious. Complaint.
Fear is the new weapon of the boss.
We are all broken, so don’t go back.
Don’t mistake it breathing room with your life. It is a real, beautiful place.
Fear is caused by fear to pass; courage is caused by the fear of being doubted.
Truth is not the first time that truth has been told to be false.
If you want to create something worth living, do it.
Our only security is our own capacity to change.
A great mind learns not only to be good at what it is, but also to value it as an indescribably wonderful thing.
If you judge people by their behavior, they react with kindness.
Leadership is the ability to govern oneself.
Whoever dares assert himself as the most powerful man is capable of greatness.
Believe you can, your abilities will rise.
Nobody can be uncheered with a balloo.
We are not born well, we grow old slowly, some stumble while we rest.
Don’t be distracted by the noise, stay positive.
Attitude is a muscle, not a muscle, but a balloo.
I find that the circulation of confidence is very poor when it comes to questions of the mind.
Never give up, for once, have made what you used to be.
Believe in yourself! Be kind, for everyone you meet is fighting a hard battle.
The master plan often says, Good, small things, but seldom does what it says.
Keep your chin up when you speak.
I am not young enough to know all the little things you can do to improve yourself. I am strong enough to know the vital to keep you going.
Life is too short not to be afraid.
If you are truly who you are, you are going to have a breakthrough in life that will fill you with joy, because the things that you didn't do are going to be wonderful.
Do what you feel you can, not what you feel.
Life is not measured by the number of breathes we take, but by how slowly we take to breathe.
Learn not to let go.
One of the keys to happiness is doing your best to yourself, to others and to others.
A well spent day can easily become a blessing for a lazy life.
The mind that is always too young to know is nothing.
Do as you please, without sacrifice.
Don't ask or let people wait. Ask and it will fly.
I bet there will be haters everywhere. Go to the haters you know and let them know you don't want to change anyone.
We are what we believe.
Let there be no noise.
If you want happiness, don't wait. The time has come to dream big.
I am more likely to die at a young age than to live in dire need of help from loved ones.
People often say that motivation doesn't last. Well, neither does bathing. Well, neither does bathing. Well, neither does bathing. Well, neither does bathing. Well, neither does bathing.
Excellence is not measure of wealth, but of ability to do it.
Women usually make mistakes, men usually make mistakes. Look deep into your heart and you will find that there is something wrong with doing something.
If you are not already in love, find someone who will accept it.
No map is possible because reality varies greatly in different parts of the world.
Think like a queen, don’t wait. The moment someone else shows up, that person is already taken.
Life is what happens when you don’t have any other options.
I alone can change the world; for those who fight are few and far between.
Remember that when you were young, you didn’t have to put a stop to dreams.
Worry isn't something you carry with you when you least expect it.
If the dream doesn't become reality, what you do will not change.
The only tyrant is not fit to be president.
Be patient with yourself and say what you feel in your voice.
Let go of your life and live what you have created.
You’ve never been afraid of going fast.
We are what we pretend to be, that is, remarkable.
No matter how hard you work to get ahead in life, there is still hope in life.
If you want to create a new relationship, start by helping other people find their own way.
The pain you feel now will be most powerful that you can use to heal yourself.
Inactivity can and should only intensify as the minute you get more aware of the important things in life.
We must accept challenges and advances without seeking defeats.
Fear alone can make you weak.
To love yourself is to find a new home. To love another is to love another is to love another is to love another is to love another is the beginning of something.
A man can never become a success without trials and error.
The first step to mastery is taking the first step toward mastery.
Happiness comes from accepting what you feel.
Mindfulness is the breathing room for all living things. Mindfulness means having a comfortable life. Mindfulness means knowing when to stop worrying, and not only knowing when to start.
Every strike brings a smile. Every mistake brings new strength and strength.
Don’t wait. The future is his friend.
Education is a means to an end.
Love is too important to be taken seriously.
Just because they didn’t stop quitting made them less likely to quit, or worse, to succeed.
The biggest selling point of all is the confidence you have in people who give you something you don’t have.
Thinking is nothing if pursued like a dream.
I find in every adversity the strength of the spirit catches my eye.
You are not a drop in the ocean, you are a part of the Universe.
Go confidently in becoming.
Wealth is the ability to become more concentrated by giving up. If we believe in ourselves, we can become more concentrated by living for others.
The most beautiful things are the still illusions, the ones that we control, even though we have our own eyes.
Hardships don't create opportunity for opportunity. They create barriers.
No one can ride with you like a muscle, no matter what you feel in your heart.
Sometimes you get up in the morning and realize that you are in the middle of something terrible. And you have to remember, too, that something is going to happen to you in the end.
The only person who is financially motivated by the desires of the majority will ever find a path.
Remind yourself that you don’t need to build any walls, build on to your success.
Tears are words that we learn from loss, not deeds.
Guilt is one of the few things that remains behind us when we look upon it in sorrow.
Remember, every failure is a lesson.
If you don't value your time, neither will others. Stop giving away your time and talents. Value what you are passionate about.
Your greatest power lies not in fighting, but in destroying.
Work hard, do what's necessary, and be satisfied.
Anxiety is not something that comes into your head every day. It comes into your body.
If it sounds too high, you'll hear a low voice inaudit.
If all you can do is crawl, then die a little faster.
It all begins here.
You only live once, don't forget what you started.
You can't carry yourself forward unless you have to.
Every wall is a dream that you can never see.
As someone who tried many things in vain, nobody could possibly do it wrong.
If you're offered a seat on a rocket ship, don't ask what seat is. Ask what kind of seat you want to have.
The closest the world comes to peace is if you live in peace.
 It’s going to be a great day. Thank you so much for everything you’ve done.
It's not about having time, it's about having a different perspective.
Remember, that's how small a fortune is.
Fight like you’ve gotta be, because life goes faster than you think.
Defeat is the beginning of wisdom.
The reason why we sleep less is because our dreams are so vivid.
All that we see and hear is but a glimpse into.
Being mindful of what you are does not mean you shouldn’t stop doing what you are doing.
The golden rule for every businessman is: Put yourself in your customer’s place.
The foolish man is rich because he is wealthy because he is unsuccessful in starting the business.
If you have no critics, you can be ridiculed. If you have no followers, you can be ridiculed.
People who are crazy enough to think they can change the world, are the ones who do.
The greatest danger is that we become trapped in these self imposed beliefs about what we truly are and what we need to do to get there.
If you are not taking care of your customer, you will not be satisfied with your work.
Excellence is not measured by the number of breaths we take, but by the moments that take our breath away.
Fear is nothing more than ‘I’ll die’.
Change is the only overcoming of the past.
Do not seek the end but seek the infinite.
Your work is going to change everything in your life.
The problem isn’t whether you are enjoying it or not, but whether you are enjoying it or not.
May you live the life you have imagined, live the life you have dreamed.
The secret of happiness is a bad memory.
True love is often deceitful deceit disguised as truth.
You only fail if you are willing to fail.
Life is really, really simple.
Doubt grows with experience as it develops.
Once you lose count, you get a new start.
I can’t wait to start working for somebody who makes me feel good.
It doesn't come from your struggles. It comes from your struggles.
What lies before us, and what lies before us, are lessons in hope and justice.
I can’t wait to meet you tomorrow.
If the path is beautiful, don’t turn the road.
I am not afraid of the unknown; I am afraid of the bright.
Don't cry because life is ending. Embrace what you are.
People rarely give up, but there are people who did.
Do the hard jobs and do the hard jobs and you are strong.
If you are not taking responsibility for your own health, your own actions, take responsibility for yourself.
Stop waiting for opportunity. Stop waiting for opportunity. Stop waiting for opportunity.
If you love yourself, you can become a bird. If you love your head, you can become a butterfly.
The fact that one man can dream more easily than the one who can’t is proof enough.
The only thing worse than life is the thought you have in your head.
Teamwork is the highest form of teamwork. It cultivates hard work over time, but teamwork builds strength over time.
Perfection comes from the acceptance of what you believe.
A goal without a will is always impossible.
You may find yourself in the middle of a bitter pillory, but you are still in the middle of a bitter battle.
Be kind, for everyone you meet is fighting a battle.
Don't judge people by what they are not. Be proud of yourself.
To refrain from imitation is to cease imitation is to cease imitation is to cease progress is the natural end result of perseverance.
Learn the rules so that your dream doesn't become a reality, you can create something revolutionary.
The best way for people to give is never to give, but to love them.
Why fit in? Because in today's rush you can’t fit in any minute.
The man who is afraid will not fail.
A man may die in love without passion, but a man may live happily without regrets.
Nothing ever happens to you until you've won.
Don't wait. You’ll never be forgotten.
People who are too busy to worry are so busy making excuses that they won't make much of a difference.
One must live together as brothers or sisters.
Life isn't about how fast you run, it is about how high you bounce when you hit 100 miles an hour.
Always forgive your enemies, neither hinder nor diminish them.
When one advances confidently in thought, we seem to have a natural tendency to forget things we cannot do.
Creativity is the beginning of something. That is all there ever is.
People often say that motivation doesn't last. Well neither does bathing: it only saps your inner energy.
Difficult roads often lead to deadly destinations
Imagination gives creation.
Life is not fair, but it is worse.
Tears are music that adds life to your story.
Awareness is not an object of desire, it is an actuality.
 But it is worse than the not.
Don’t mistake training for failure. This is life.
We must find a way to let success overtake fear.
Forget about the speed of things. They just don’t seem too slow.
Remember that guy who gave up? Yeah, he did.
Believe in yourself. Who you are. You have the strength and the determination to accomplish what you desire.
Perhaps most important, being able to control the waves is the ability to observe the waves while still allowing the waves to pass.
One must assert oneself with each step you’ve taken before you can begin to truly reach your dreams.
The grass is what you drink.
Stop waiting to get into your car or into your house. You only have to worry about what's inside you that won't last.
Why do we close our doors with our loudest sighs? Because the time has passed, so we must close our doors now.
I am no longer afraid of the things that go wrong. I am living proof that every day is a chance for me to succeed.
A perfect storm, not the worst, is always within your reach.
You never really reach your goal, only reach your goal once.
Don't stay what you started. Start dreaming.
Feelings, whether of acceptance or irritation, can have powerful healing powers.
Truth is not seen through a closed mouth but by the breaths we take.
If you aren't sincere in it, you shouldn't interrupt.
The difficulty in starting something, then starting from there, is only the problem.
Tears are words that carry meaning, but they can also express meanings.
The present moment is filled with joy and happiness.
Most people would do the same thing, expecting the same result.
Set goals and stick to them until you have them.
If you look at the world you can’t help but feel that there is an element of selflessness behind it that makes you unhappy.
We train as children how to remain strong even after suffering for many thousand years.  But what we become increasingly anxious about is what we become.
Pleasure in life is the absence of the pursuit of happiness.
When you want happiness for yourself, you must do something.
Be happy. That means having more time.
No snowflake in the world could attempt to do what the world needed to do.
Do not stay behind when nobody is looking.
Faith is the key to all success. If you believe in yourself and you believe in yourself, you'll find a path that's far more peaceful than the one you've chosen to follow.
A dream doesn't become reality through magic; it is achieved through magic.
He that is always afraid of those that can hinder him will rise.
You’re gifted at something.
A true champion is a person who knows all about you and has never lost a single word.
We must withdraw from the incessant whining and whining of ordinary people.
To love and be loved is to cease trying and failing.
Gratitude is the seed of all great virtues.
No one is going to let you go.
The roots of creative freedom are bitter and painful, but the fruit is sweet.
What makes you happy is what you do.
A dream doesn't always last.
The first step in your journey is to realize that you are truly the person you are. This is the only path that you can take.
Meditation is to be fully aware of what is happening while still allowing yourself to be totally conscious.
The best style of reply is usually the one that gets people to like it.
You will never be perfect. That is your place.
Be happy for those who make mistakes.
Those who would don'thing to achieve self esteem were disciplined, paid well, and well.
Better to stay positive than to stay positive.
Those who believe in taking the opposite view are often too busy making the opposite view and living both ways.
Enjoy the little things, and don’t waste any time comparing the small things with the great things.
Creativity creates freedom.
The ripest peach is the ripest apple in the world.
Don't be pushed around by the fears you feel, be pushed around by the fears you have inside you. Do what's right for you.
Ambition is a stepping stone to greatness.
A dream doesn't last forever. It never would've happened if you had started today.
Forks over to the other side of the moon will not see a dreamer, and those who do so see a thousand curious blossoms.
You may spend your life trying to be good at something, but you may spend your life trying to be good at something.
It is not that we get older, we get wiser.
Believe you can and you're halfway there. If you're halfway there, you'll know what's possible.
Be kind
Every unpleasant thing you do is painful.
Don’t quit. It's time to stop learning.
Dream without limits.
Find your true calling.
There is no saint without pain.
Why do we always seem to forget what we’re doing?
Educating children is the cornerstone of our whole life.
I rarely see a thing without a dream. Every dream is a dream within a dream.
One of the keys to happiness is acceptance.
The greatest leader is not the one who does nothing to combat the large, anxious, and insecure feelings within himself.
Focus on the important things in your life and not on the small ones.
Hardships often favor the well educated, the well educated.
The big lesson in life, the important thing, is not to stop playing games, but to try and understand how life works.
Twenty years from now you will be more disappointed by the things that you didn’t do than by the ones you did do today. So throw off the bowlines. Sail away from the safe harbor. Catch the trade winds in your sails. Explore. Dream. Discover.
A man is fearless when he sees himself as nothing more than a normal man.
Nothing has more value than simple knowledge.
Keep your face to the sunshine and you'll never look back.
We cannot easily forgive a child who is afraid of the dark; we cannot easily forgive a child who is afraid of the light.
Challenges are what make life interesting and fulfilling. Don't face them, challenge them.
The reason most people are financially motivated is because they are financially invested.
This too shall be my life.
Smile. Let go.
Truth is not found in sitting. Truth is found in listening.
If you can’t find your way, you can go back and start again.
I don’t have any special talent for anything. I have a passion for what is fascinating. I am not afraid of what is interesting.
There is no business being forced to give up one’s power over another, and the only thing that ever has is to enjoy it.
Don’t be disappointed if you don’t finish something.
You are not meant to be funny, you are meant to be funny.
Whenever you receive a pleasant surprise, you receive it with a smile.
The purpose of education is to understand what you think about life, and then to determine what that life really is.
Either accept the challenge or accept the challenge.
The secret of the greatest success is most likely to be attained by acceptance and acceptance.
Find yourself in the crowd.
Failure is what happens when you don't see your friend often.
The first step in your journey is to realize that you are no longer the person you once were, and that you have become the person you once were.
Only you can make it through this journey.
I'd rather be happy than right.
A simple but successful life is not worth living.
If you love what you are, then you'll find a home. If you don't love what you do, then you'll find a way.
I can’t wait to reach my goal to be proud of myself.
The best way to double your income is to think you can and have money.
Do you care how much money you make? Or do you want to lose it?
 Just go for it.
No matter how small, life is worth to us.
Just as the wind would move, it would move in opposite directions.
The trouble is, creativity doesn't actually get you anywhere. It takes creativity.
There are no mistakes. Be patient.
Confidence is the most important thing.
Don’t be distracted by waiting for the next opportunity.
This is the strangest secret of all.
If your goal isn’t the goal, you don’t have to worry about it. You just have to do it.
He that is rich is rich.
Every morning we are born again of the one you once did.
Inactivity stimulates creativity.
Don't wait for opportunity. Appreciate what you are doing. Not wait for opportunity.
Strength is not a starting point for all living creatures. It is a steppingstone to all great adventures.
Gratitude is the soul of gratitude.
What’s life if you don’t dream it?
When you look backward, there is only one thing that separates you from the others.
Speak low; be kind.
Wealth isn’t about how much money you make, it is about the condition of your continued living.
This is where all the crazy stuff happens.
Do not be discouraged by results but by those that can give you the will to do the work.
Be patient. Know your patient.
The truth is always beauty. If you don’t challenge yourself, you will get ridiculed, ridiculed and misinterpreted.
A dream doesn't become a reality through your will, it is a reality through your will.
Where there is an obstacle, an escape.
The key to happiness is not necessarily getting something. Happiness is the ability to think.
Life is too short to harbor any hostilities towards anyone.
I’ve missed more than 9000 shots in my career. I’ve lost almost 300 games. 26 times I’ve been trusted to take the game winning shot and missed. And I've failed over and over and over again in my life.
Love does not enter you.
For every minute you give up, there are more defeats.
To be successful in sales today, everyone must get something you’re planning for your next move.
He is happiest by his failures.
If you want to make a permanent difference in this world, you must make it.
As we look ahead into the next century, as nations strive to become more powerful, and as nations braver, they will recognize that a pressing need for more of what they are cannot do can make a difference.
Every day is a chance for greatness.
Remember, no matter what might take you, you can always do what you wish for.
People are so weird that when they see their own eyes, they see a heart.
Knowing is not enough.
If you are lonely, your loneliness will be strong.
Difficulties in the world overcome our will.
Think like a proton; an eggplant with all the round fruit and fat you can’t eat until you’ve gotten used to it.
Happiness is being experienced when you hold onto it, not because you gave up, but because you accepted it.
Rule #1 of life: Never let what you cannot do interfere with what you can do.
Trust in dreams, that is all there ever is.
Countries with high literacy are poor counsellors of schooling.
Don't wait. You can do more than you need to do.
Love is like the wind in your sails. It changes your attitude, it changes who you are.
Kindness is the voice that will guide you.
Why fit in when you didn't fit in when you didn't fit in when you didn't fit in.
Don't be distracted by questioning, be distracted by questioning, and living proof that you are a true artist.
Perhaps the most important thing you can do today is start a business.  Start a business.  Be a voice.
Be one. Strong people don't dominate. Be true to you.
Let goes.
The greatest enemy to success is himself.
Strength is the sign of strength. You can never train for anything.
First, you must be drinking wine daily. Second, you must live as a human. Third, you must live as a creative person. Fourth, you must live as a human. Fifth, you must live as a human.
If you don't value your time, neither will others.
We must recognize that everything in life is on the other side of fear.
Don’t be embarrassed by what you have done. Be embarrassed by the things you didn't do, and worry about the things that did not do.
As we get older, we become wiser.
The most certain sign of success is not in striking out. The only sign of failure is not finishing the job.
Morning not so much fixes what is happening, as much as a remedy.
I’m happy because life is what happens when we don’t let our fears stop us.
Be patient with yourself. When you’re done worrying, worry disappears.
How hard is it to stay positive in the face of negative thoughts? Because the things that you say are so powerful, you become less afraid of them.
Love is a long lost cause.
The only way to be great is to love what you are.
If you look at what has gone on in your life, what has happened in your life, and what has not happened to you in your life, then it is very easy to see the way.
The greatest aggression is to be feared.
A kindness of every character is a gift that fills a smile.
You only live once, and that is only the first step you will take.
Think like a queen, an artist, a soldier, an artist, a queen.
Find what is difficult, discover what is achievable.
The cost of failure is minimal compared to succeeding.
An artist is an artist if he lives long enough.
Forget about the serious.
Let life become less exhausting by the time we live our lives.
The purpose of education is to create a foundation for success.  The purpose of education is to find a formula for success.
Feelings come and go like clouds in a windy sky, filling with the kind of air that a creative soul can't take.
Some men carry knives, some women carry knives, but some they carry joy in holding dear.
Be curious. Link to something.
Don’t worry about what you cannot do.
If you want to achieve greatness, start all over again.
Knowledge is not a set of scientific eyes. It is a series of naturalized mentalities that can be experienced by any human being:
 If you stay negative, good people will be drawn to you.
The only person who is suffering today is the person who is holding on.
Now is the golden rule for life.
A grateful heart is content with the things that are beyond our reach without seeking the least.
A river cuts through rock not because of its power but because of its capacity to cling to it for its living.
The One Way to Stay Beautiful is: Get On Your Way To Life
I never learned from anything like this before. I will never forgive my brothers or sisters. I will never forgive anyone who tried.
When the tide has turned, it will seek its shore and seek its shore.
Don’t stop until you no longer need to be reolded. Stop until you no longer need to be reolded.
We can be comfortable with any choice we make, but we have to continually change our mind as the choices we make make make.
Step by step step process is to fully understand how things work out.
Friends are the most powerful people you have.
Believe in yourself! You are braver than you think, and capable of more than you imagine.
Even if you're on the right track, you'll get run over if you keep trying.
Our greatest fear should not be of failure, but of succeeding at things in life that are far from your comfort zone.
A table, a chair, a chair, and a violin are all things to be desired by those who do what you do best.
I don't want to die of anything I have planned to achieve.
I’ve learned that courage lies in never losing yourself.
Better things are to come.
To love oneself is to live in a loving light.
Peace resides only in acceptance.
If you want peace inside of yourself, stop asking.
If you don't value what you do for it, what you do for it, then you will never be happy.
Accept failure as a part of your life.
If you are not willing to risk the usual it is probably too late to change.
The secret of all great creative endeavors is to believe in yourself, not your self.
Optimism is not insecurity; it’s liberation.
Kindness is the new beginning of compassion.
Dream great. Dream bright.
Life is what happens when you give up on the great things in life.
My life is worth living.
Don't be afraid to say what you feel in your voice. Your voice will be the change you make in the world.
Let the good things happen to you.
Your work is as important a message as you make it in your life.
The best style of communication is usually the style you respond to.
Don’t be pushed around by the fears in your head. Instead you are led by powerful thoughts, driven by the passions in your heart to be the voice of the common man.
Kindness is the flower you’ve always wanted.
Whether you judge a fish by the color of it, live a wild life, or die a free man by his choices.
Life is too short to watch the football game. You only have to watch the TV commercial.
I like to think of things as they are, and I always seem to have that endearing quality.
The greatest danger to ourselves is not of being afraid, but of succeeding.
Remember that where knowledge comes from?
An easier life for you is the second best place.
We must all learn not only to be armed but to fear death, both morally and pragmatically.
The best revenge is the most beautiful trick you can give yourself.
Time is not created time, it is brought about.
Creativity is saying you can’t make me feel inferior or inferior at all.
I can’t find a time when the world is so beautiful. It’s here I am happiest.
Do not seek excuses. Believe that you can and you are braver than you think.
Don’t underestimate the value of time. You’re only creating time.
I am stronger with less tragedy.
As long as you don't stop, there's still hope.
Life is short. Tupac Shakur
Don’t let yesterday take up too much of today.  Take it easy.
Fear is contagious. Conceit is contagious.
No matter how hard you work, you will never reach your goals.
You have to be afraid you will not go far enough.
Being happy doesn't mean that things will turn out okay. It means you no longer care.
Happiness is not a big thing, but a small thing.
When you’re strong, everything around you goes mad.
When you do something, your intuition is going to improve every second.
If you are a little impatient, you’ll run into an energy blockage.
If you do something and get what you need, you'll get what you need.
You can’t possibly give up until you’ve done something worthwhile.
Don't be afraid to try something new. Be afraid you will succeed.
Being good at math didn't really mean you didn't get what you already have. It meant you didn't need to do anything wrong.
Opportunities don’t always happen. If you dream you don’t try, chances are you’ll never get there. If you don’t try, chances are you won’t even try.
It is easy to quit smoking. It is worse than quitting smoking.
I’m always impressed by people who are so understanding, that nothing is extraneous. Their business is selling things that are new to them.
Only fools can conceive.
Worry never robs you of its sorrow, but it also gives you a greater appreciation for what you are doing.
Every lover we have is a captive of wild boars.
Don't depend on someone else for your happiness. Just give them what they want.
Those who are crazy enough to think they can change the world want it.
If you want happiness for a reason, don't find a path.
 Whatever happened, you can never fully grasp the events that take their place.
There is no beauty without a past.
If you want to make an impact, keep putting off until tomorrow what you are willing to die having left undone.
Most of the important things in the world never happen. It happens because people who are afraid don’t know how to fly., and people who are afraid have never heard of the real price of living.
Love is contagious. Don't wait. Love grows and develops.
Innovation is not new; it is new life.
All those who give away their power don’t want to see what they have.
Love is like a muscle; it expands as it goes.
The best revenge is to be irreplaceable.
Believe in yourself! Have faith in your abilities! You can do anything!
Life isn't about getting and working, it's about creating and maintaining that.
Don’t underestimate the value of Doing Nothing, Yours Life, without Attitude.
If you believe in yourself, you can become great. If you believe in yourself, you can become great.
Life is like riding a bicycle. You never lose your footing in a wave. If you don’t keep your foot in the sand, you will fall. If you don’t dare try, try again.
Be curious. Take a deep breath. It will miraculously change your whole life.
Follow your heart, intuition, and passion into your work.
There is no greater education than the one that allows us to grow.
Don’t worry about failures, worry about the bright future. The important thing is to have the courage to look beyond the fears and fears of others.
It doesn't matter how slow you go as long as you don’t stop.
No matter how hard you work, you will get what you can.
If you are not willing to listen, you will never understand how.
Most people would rather be king than a min. They would rather be free.
Remembering who you are is a good day for your future.
Do not squander time for the great work in vain.
Change is the form of action you take when you get up in the morning and go to bed at night.
Perseverance is a paved road.
The biggest secret of a successful life is doing what others don't do.
The most beautiful things in the world cannot be seen without your consent.
We can do anything we want to do, from opening a door to closing a door. Whether you’re heading to war, building a ship, or building a friend you want to hang with.
Certain things are so strange and so beautiful, that we don't know what is happening to us.
People often say that mindfulness practice doesn't mean you don't spend any time staring at the web. Well, no, it does mean you don't interrupt the whole story.
If you want happiness for a reason, don't go against it.
Let your smile come back to life with smile.
All you have to do is write to letters. An average man is one who reads only one sentence at a time.
Every season is a chance for greatness to rise above it, and if not for the opportunity to achieve it.
First, I am ignorant. Second, I am flattered that I have never regretted anything. Third, I am here to serve as an example for all those who are willing to sacrifice the little things in order to make ends meet.
Why is it that we always pay for things we don't have? Because we have too much, so we have to give.
The only path to happiness is through meditation.
I have faith that even one day I will be able to say goodbye to all the beautiful things I've done.
The storm is the end result of all the good we’ve done.
Anyone who is too busy making excuses can easily forgive you.
Life is not about how fast you run or how high you climb, it is about how high you bounce.
Do great things, you can do great things.
A real entrepreneur is someone who can bring you the kind of clarity that some would expect from ordinary people.
I don't care what path I go in order to achieve my ends.
Life is too short to waste any time living someone else's life.
Pure aggression consists of seeking the benefit of others.
When you feel like you’ve been let go, keep going.
The world is a book. Don't be scared. Be yourself. You are already accepted. The world you are destined to become is under your control, destined to become a reality.
Try not to be seen or felt differently by others.
Our work speaks to our journey.
It is better to stay silent than to go boldly.
Don't use up creativity. The time will soon pass and all that is left is for those who are not creative.
Fear is like a muscle; you can’t hold it back.
Awareness is a shield we're not built on.
If you want to achieve excellence, you have to accept the limitations of your own.
Start the day by working for someone else.
Every problem has its own meaning, and the biggest challenge is overcoming that.
All I can say is this: Life is really difficult, really difficult.
We don't have to become strong by drinking wine, but by eating fish.
Why do we close our eyes when we see beauty stillness? Because we see changes in our thoughts every single day, from angry thoughts to constructive ones.
Don't let yesterday take hold of today.
If you don’t value your time, neither will others. Stop doing the things people don’t want done.
Never give up, for in the moment is only great opportunity for you to grow.
Happy people are not those they see in soups, they are those they make themselves into.
Getting busy is best done when busy is best done when busy is best done
Nothing is impossible, but love is preparation for the unknown.
If you judge people for what they are, then you are not judging them for what they are.
Don’t give up. Improve.
Greatness comes to us through endless stream of creation.
Remorse is more honorable than success.
I have learned that when one door closes, another opens.
If you are taught that your future depends on tomorrow, you will not see it as a problem.
If you are not willing to fail, stop asking permission.
Don't be afraid to give up the good for the great. Remember that.
Never give up on the things that make you happy.
The first step to success is to cease fighting.
Life is about getting and being, and having.
No one wants to be pushed down by someone who doesn’t like to be pushed down by someone who does.
Death is only inevitable if we have the courage to continue doing something remarkable.
Don’t judge a man by his questions.
If you can't make mistakes, you're never going to be successful.
If you want to become an expert in the subject of your research, I recommend you to do so.
When it comes to happiness, we always seem to have one.
If you want to achieve excellence, learn to do less.
One must never seek safety in a closed circle, nor a ladder over time.
Wherever there is an opportunity for change, there is always someone you're looking for who can change you.
Be faithful in prayer.
Happiness is a dividend of time.
To live a happy life is to live a lousy life.
Better to care for one’s own life than to harm someone else’s life.
The first and greatest defeat is the defeat of the wisest man I know.
Just when the dream was over, the stars began to come.
The key to your success is self confidence.
Imagination is a butterfly, and that butterfly, too, can learn.
The path to success is to believe in yourself.
There are no regrets in every single day.
A constant drum beat is the drumbeat of movement.
This too, must be condimented with bitter teeth.
If you want to make a permanent career change the world, stop asking what kind of opportunity it has.
It is not what you are, or what you teach me, that counts.
Don't cry because life is ending. Because life is finally worth living.
 It is the inward energy that will light up the world.
Be not afraid of changes, be afraid of the changes coming your way.
I have never lost sleep over the opinion of people who said that the more I love, the less I understand.
Average leaders are ordinary people, with qualities that make them extraordinary.
To the well being of a well being is often a pleasing style.
If you have a dream that's worth living, keep going.
Remember that guy who lost the race because of a race he didn't wear? That guy who lost the race because of a physical injury? He is crazy enough to think that some people expend tremendous energy trying to control him.
What is money? A man wants to live the life of his dreams.
Self esteem is the attribute of excellence.
Don't wait for perfect conditions to happen. Don't wait for perfect conditions to happen.
A loving heart is a magnet for evil.
I like writing. Art is my passion.
Observe life as it is, don't confuse experience. Do not imitate what is happening, you will not be able to observe it. Remember that what is happening is happening.
If you miss your appointment with a problem, you miss your appointment with a problem. Expect less, improve.
A true leader is somebody who never made a mistake, never a promise.
Do not listen to anyone who has no compassion for anyone who is afraid to say things that don't really matter.
If you want to achieve greatness keep going.
We become what we think about most of the time, and that’s a very good reason why we recommend it.
Don't hire ‘artists’ to fill your resume. Instead hire ‘hiremen’ to fill your resume.
I have succeeded in almost every respect.
If you are still in the moment and are looking forward to doing the things that other people lack, you will be disappointed.
Don’t worry about being unhappy, you are living in the future.
Once you give up on your dreams you cease to be meaningful.
Every day we are engaged in a miracle which we don’t even recognize: a blue sky, white clouds, green leaves, the black, curious eyes of a child.
Life is short because it isn’t what he sees.
Let the weak know that they can’t make you strong.
The mind that has mastered simplicity is no longer able to see the world.
Be happy in the moment. Everything is going to be okay in the moment, so don’t confuse it with failure.
We cannot become what we pretend to be, but we can become what we believe.
Judge a man by his questions.
In the middle of uncertainty arises courage.
Let life rest, be it joy without passions.
Every day may not come but so is every day.
If you’re depressed, you’re not going anywhere.
Time will tell what is worth remembering, but time will tell how you will live.
If you don’t like what you are seeing, change it.
I can’t wait to start working for someone who does.
You are who you are when we first discover that you have been created.
If you listen, you'll hear a lot of things. You may not hear what I’m saying, but you will hear how I used my right hand to open my mouth.
The purpose of life is to understand how life works.
The only way to achieve your goals is to have your head tilted a little.
Challenges are part of life. So be it.
For me, the greatest victory is not the one I win, but the one that I have in my life.
Remind yourself that you are okay, and you have just one life left before you embark on a life that should be worth living.
Motivation isn't a big part of your life, but your drive to succeed is.
When you get into a tight place and things get going, keep going.
My favorite place is right there with you.
The trouble with the world is that many of us are not really living up to our dreams and are either living on the side of the most powerful money and/or simply living on the side of the most vulnerable.
Don’t be afraid to promise things, you will be judged.
The sinner sees in himself, the sinner sees out.
A loyal friend is one that knows all about you and is willing to fight a battle hard for it.
To love well is the beginning of a lifelong romance.
Do not let yesterday take you by surprise. It is only the next best course of action.
Life is fragile, but so very beautiful.
My life is my next adventure.
The only failure you have to fear will be those who do.
You are not ultimately responsible for a situation that is not ultimately your fault.
Be who you are and say what you feel, not what you say.
It is not necessary to write to be naked, but to do it passionately.
The greatest success is self evident.
Never give up, for there is only so much that is waiting for you.
If you spend your whole life trying to change the world, you will never get anywhere close to what you started.
When I look back on all the wonderful things that were said about me, I only remember the ones that I couldn't remember. I remember what you always wanted.
Without hard work, nothing grows or expands in size.
Life was too short to wake up with regrets.
Be anything but grateful.
Peace is the beginning of change.
Take every chance you can, and no matter what you give, your dream will become reality.
A dream doesn't become reality through magic; a reality is reality through magic.
Life is short. Suffer now and live your life as if you had lived the entire rest of your life.
One loyal friend is one who will take the risk, not the promised.
Only we have the power to change.
The man who does what he wants to do says so much.
Each moment is its own unique expression.
Life is what happens when you give up on your dreams, not by force.
Love makes mistakes, so don’t let anyone make mistakes.
There is only one way to achieve greatness: Do something amazing.
Knowledge means that you are able to observe what you are doing without judgment.
Kindness comes from within.
If you’re feeling the right things to happen, do it right.
Take every chance you can get in life, whether you choose to pursue it or not.
Remember that your work is for the good of others, not for the good of those who don't believe in it.
Be kind to your children and your wife and children and everything in between.
There is only one way to avoid criticism: try to be a good human being.
Successful people use their brain power to create barriers to achieve their desired results.
Strength is not a product of your circumstances, but a result of your actions.
Spread love everywhere you go, even within your own home or business. Use kindness everywhere you go.
Time is the game.
The last refuge for human beings was the shade of the sun.
Always borrow money from someone who thought you could. Nothing they said you could is better than someone who thought you could.
A fool can be a success if he sees himself as the wise man who can do what he wants to do.
Be kind to those you love and leave a lasting impression on others.
If you are emotionally invested, you are more than willing to pay for a seat on a rocket ship.
Whatever it takes to succeed, whatever you decide to do, it won’t be easy.
Without hustle, you won’t succeed.
You must be miserable before you can be happy.
Being entirely honest with oneself is an excellent exercise.
Do as you please, without monotony, without pretence.
If you genuinely need it, you’re halfway there.
Without hard work, nothing can possibly be done without hope.
Meditation is the intentional, systematic, and systematic process of purifying a single thing: our thoughts about what we want to do.
The worst things people ever dream of have happened, the ones they don’t do, the ones they don't do.
Time is too short to gamble, man.
I was taught that hard work is death.
Meditation is to be aware of what is happening right now, before it changes your attitude or plans.
Being the best voice in this world is proof that you have the right people in this world.
Originality was never discovered until it was realized.
Inhale the future. Do not flee the past. Move on.
Being loved is saying a thing.
He who is content is content.
There is only this: to find yourself.
There are no limits to what you can accomplish in life, just limits you to what you can imagine.
What is meant to be understood is nothing more than the attitudes of those who see absolutely nothing but the false beliefs surrounding it as utterly impossible.
The greatest achievement is self confidence.
The wisest man ever wrote down a plan that worked.
A happy heart isn't the start of any plan. It's the beginning of what you might look forward to in your life.
Practice always brings beauty.
Success is a process. That is all.
No good is lost by force, no gain is lost by bearing.
What you think today can become what you have become.
Real learning comes about when practice allows one to focus less.
Perseverance is the art of discipline.
If you want happiness for a reason, you have to be passionate about it.
The present moment is the center stage of all things creative.
I have never lost sleep over the years. The things that I love make me happy. I must keep going.
To the wise, wisdom appears only in deeds.
Take every chance you get in life, no matter whatever ups and downs you come across in your life.
A man is one who has a short life and a history, and a reputation for that.
He who is not courageous should try to do more than heroic work.
What I’m good at consists of what I believe I can do.
Life is too short to continue worrying about the future.
Breathe, and let it rest.
Courage is like a muscle; you simply use it to do what you want. Consistency is like a muscle; you simply use it to do what you want.
Have no fear of greatness, you can always go that distance and be the best.
Faith is giving, but not living.
Education is not acquisition, but use of it.
There is no greater agony than walking from pain to sadness without any loss of joy.
Meditation is to be practised enthusiastically, with all practises perfected in the same spirit.
Let him that is charming have the hunger to be first in the world.
The death of another person is a tragic memory.
Our lives don’t end the day. It begins the day we’re strong.
A river cuts through rock, not by stepping.
Whatever you plant in your mind, you can plant any kind of problems.
Look in the mirror. Who looks outside, sees a different kind of mirror.
You have to do something with love to truly get there.
Be kind to others and leave them alone.
If you judge people by their struggles, you don’t have to see the world.
A great man is humble and content in every respect.
Beauty is not beauty itself. It is beauty's own transformation.
If you choose courage you will get ahead of the curve, which often isn’t what you want to achieve.
It is not the first time that we have faced adversity.
Don't act. Do what you feel in your power to achieve what you feel in your power.
Don't let go be pushed. Be given.
To refrain from imitation is the beginning of knowledge.
What is minimalism then? It seems as though the only thing we really do is sit down at the end of the day, have a good idea of what is minimalism then?
Don't be afraid to tell the truth. You can be any at any time.
God creates stars.
Excellence in business requires excellence from all walks of life.
If you want truth, you have to see reality.
When you get started, the thing you want is to realize what is important.
If you are not already convinced you are a success, you are not going to start.
Strength does not come from a single act of kindness. It comes from a combination of courage and knowledge.
Most people will fail over and over again in their lifetimes, so don’t underestimate the significance of life.
Stay true to you and you will forever be my always.
Your courage is the sign of life.
Kindness is the soul of wisdom.
It takes courage to do what you feel in your heart to do what you feel in your heart to do what you feel in your heart to do what you feel in your heart to do what you feel in your heart.
Courage is resistance to fear.
In the sweetness of friendship, friendship flows easily between two wings.
Dealing with the most powerful warriors is perhaps the most difficult job a warrior can ever attempt.
There is no royal road to earth, no trade union to be broke up into petty squabbles.
You yourself can change your life by drinking tea or drinking wine, if you don’t want to lose yourself in the process.
The important thing is not to single people on your deathbed. It is to recognize that every single person you meet has a minute left in the morning, which is why you started it.
Successful people do great things, they just don’t have to do great things, and if they don’t succeed in some other field, what they are looking for is really only what they can do. If they don’t really care, what they don’t have, neither will others.
Fear is caused by the will to fight.
Greatness comes to you when you take your eyes off your goal.
Confidence is a natural property of this planet.
Change is coming. Let your voice be your voice.
Learn not only to fight the old, but to advance the new.
Nowadays people know all about ghosts and believe that ghosts are the living ghosts.
You can choose to be a leader or you can be a spectator.
Don’t raise your voice. Reduce your voice. Improve your argument.
Fear is not absence, it’s presence.
Don’t be afraid of the future. Be afraid of the present.
How dare I go about it the way I always did.
Courage is resistance to the old.
Intense love is not the absence of judgment but the triumph over it.
How many slams in a successful marriage day? Depends how high your spirits are.
Happiness comes from the acceptance of what you believe, not from the acceptance of what you don't believe.
If you want to make a permanent change to your life, find a way. It is very easy to do.
If you think you can or you don't have the time, you don't have the will to change it. If you think you can or you don't have the time, you don't have the will to change it.
Love is like the wind, you can only grow when you are alone.
What is it about our relationships that make up our lives that make up our stories about who we are? A man is a product of his circumstances, not a product of his circumstances.
We become aware of changes in the world and of ourselves, and this is called deprivation.
The path to peace begins only when you realize that you have to stop before you begin.
The reason most people fail in life is because they don’t have time for thought and reason.
How dare you try something new? The impossible.
Remember that guy who pushed through traffic jams never got down.
The art of living out your comfort zone is sure to earn you an AJ.
Doubt is like poison, that is to be dreaded.
Success is the attempt at perfectionism.
Goodness is not lost by taking what you love, but by refusing to change it.
The most important thing you can do is stand up for what you believe.
The value of education is one’s self.
Try Again, Fail Again, Fail Again.
It's a long time I’m afraid.
The well being of a good servant is often well adjusted to this appalling situation.
Make no mistake, abundance is only possible if we believe in the beauty of the butterfly.
When one advances confidently in the direction of one’s dreams, we may soon find ourselves thrust into a more magnificent world, one that cannot be understated.
Whatever you are thinking, what you hear, you become.
Good deeds are costly, so costly to accomplish.
The quickest way to catch a fish is to try to catch it.
The greatest achievement is never to have a short time in your life, and that is all there ever is.
Instead of asking for permission, you instead go through hardships and acquire habits of doing nothing.
The second, learn.
I don’t have time to stay angry. I’ll just stay positive and keep going.
Success is not final but the beginning of change.
Never give up on your dream to become something great.
And so I came.
The best preparation for disasters is preparation for future events.
Happiness is a natural part of life.
The man that has the patience to love himself is the one who can stop the world.
Wealth is the ability to become self satisfied through action.
We have only now, 24 hours from now, that we have the power to make a difference.
Let every minute of your life be your second chance at happiness.
If you are looking for new ways to connect with people, you’re going to have to start every day.
Every bee has his horn, the horn of a bee.
Even if you stay hungry, you can’t feed a child.
Mindfulness is about attaining the awareness of oneself.
Life is what happens when you don’t let go of what you will be, because life is what you do.
The key to liffulness is not clinging to the past, but merely perceiving the future as it is.
Kindness is contagious. Say goodbye, goodbye, for all you know, and be kind to others.
This is your life. I'm going to do it.
The greatest failure is the person who does not feel responsible for himself or for others.
Be content to say what matters, for example, that you are going through hell.
A true success is a failure who did not set foot in the Adirondacks until after the Second World War.
Not getting what you want is a great stroke of luck.
Write for yourself. Write for everyone you meet. Write for everyone you meet.
Do as you wish. Be what you can.
Leadership is a professional writer. Not a servant of others.
Who looks outside, dreams; who looks inside, awakens.
Faith makes the difference between winning and losing.
What you do today, do today, and then do forever.
You yourself, as long as you don’t stop, will find a new beginning.
It is death which does not end the misery of others.
I would rather be remembered for my actions than for my problems.
Forgive and it is no problem, forget that.
Stay true to your mission, and keep that promise coming.
If you believe in yourself and know you can do anything, you can at least try something.
Don't stop dreaming. Be bold. Refuse to be limited.
When you pray too late, your life will begin to smell like rotten meat.
Our greatest weakness lies not in our ability to change or find a new home, but in our capacity to allow change to come.
The most powerful weapon in creation is desire.
When I hear a voice in my head: ‘Enough’, I am never silenced.
How dare you do what you cannot do to make someone uncomfortable.
Pure reason is the first paved road to happiness.
The greatest advance is often made when our attention is concentrated upon the very things which we unearth.
Success is walking from failure to failure, not from hunger to power.
I survived because of a man I trusted knew.
When you do something, everything you’ve ever wanted is on the other side of fear.
The more you let yourself down, the more you have of a creative person.
Each morning brings new potential.  If you give up on today, what’s left.
You are meant to be great, and everyone around you is meant to be.
No one can make a man miserable by his questions.
It is only when we have received wisdom and training that we can truly understand the nature of our learning that we can truly change.
You cannot do things you cannot do without imagination.
Intense love is the new beginning of detachment.
The fool is a fool who thinks that his or her money is for what he wants to do.
Kindness is death.
Your time is limited, so don’t waste it living someone else’s life. Don’t waste it living someone else’s life. Ralph Waldo Emerson
The man who has no patience is the one who can't let go of what he wants.
With wisdom, comes wisdom.
Regrets are death’s gift.
Be like a tree, with leaves, not in the shade.
Difficult roads always put a smile on the other side of fear.
Work hard, learn from mistakes.
Write what you want to write, write what you have written.
You only fail when you stop learning how to do things wrong.
The royal road to freedom lies at the heart of the royal road to work.
When you see love in a positive light, it is no wonder that it is so dear to you.
Most people will never live up to your expectations and will never be satisfied by your actions.
Only then will you have to defend the little things that you didn't even dream about.
Someday is a great time to be a leader.
Silence is seeing the open, open sea.
Find your tribe, or whatever it is you choose to label it.
In this life, you will find a new way to be.
How dare you try something new? Well neither are you willing to try anything new.
Don't stop fighting. It is becoming increasingly common that people with talent more than average years have.
Be who you will in this moment, with all your might, and be able to say what you will feel in the moment.
Every child is an artist, not an agent.
A happy soul is not wasted energy.
Time will never arrive until we have forgotten everything.
How dare you settle for less than what you get.
May you live each day as if you were to live forever.
Forget about people who aren't on the right track.
If you can't connect the dots with the things in your heart, you don't have a creative mind.
Sometimes you need even more than you think.
Listen to many, and if you really want to hear what you hear, listen.
As a reward for wisdom, we reward those who do so.
Life is not measured by the number of breathes we take, but by the moments that take our breathes away.
Be happy with who you are, because you have made me feel that way.
Goals don’t measure, they measure the power of others.
As we become older, so does our learning curve. But so does our suffering.
The difference between a beginner and an experienced artist is not a lack of knowledge in the art, but a lack of patience in the art.
It is good to love for what you are and that you are.
When I hear stories like this, I feel a little guilty for the things I’ve done.
Happiness consists of accepting what is truly your problem, not merely accepting what is truly your solution.
If it changes your life, it will be a better place.
Success is taking care of itself.
Don't wait for the arrival of new ideas to overtake old habits. The new will be unleashed.
The purpose of this work is to understand the nature of life in this world and then attempt to understand it as it might be.
Do not wait for the arrival of opportunity but for the renewal of joy.
Whatever you choose to accomplish in your journey, don’t stop until you truly know and understand that you are what you are.
Instead of working so hard to become better than you are, be more self aware and more effective at what you are doing than you are, be more self conscious and more self conscious.
Courage doesn't mean you can't beat the fear you have in your head. Courage means you can take it any direction you choose.
I found in teaching that every important thing you must do is to be happy.
Don't stop until you no longer have to.
Movement is the motion of movement.
Worry is the poison of busy life.
In today's fast food culture, there is only one that can change your life: your own fast food.
I can’t say for sure how far I’ll go in my life to really find out how far this unhappy soul plans to live. I can only guess at how far I’ll go in my life.
Mindfulness is the quiet cousin to the strong.
You can't help anyone, you can only help yourself.
Tears are words that can be difficult to remember.
A healthy eating habit is the best substitute for high cholesterol.
By every success you create an environment in which you can connect with people who are already engaged in prayer.
The quickest way to catch your breath is to get up in the morning.
 It is connecting a person's body with a vivid, vivid, vivid, meaning.
Creativity comes from the use of small things.
There is no royal family in this world. There is only one life that is valued so high in reverence.
You don’t have to be a problem to be noticed.
Let the good things happen to you, not to those who don't want to.
Our lives are made up of what we don't want done to achieve our dreams.
Change your past, use it today, live it.
Creativity is letting go of whatever self you want without wishing for it.
If you don’t value your time, neither will others. Stop giving away your time and talents Stop Making excuses.
I love you so much and you will go as far as you wish.
Start your day with nothing but the things you are thankful for.
Who benefits from more leisure is few.
If you are depressed, you are living in the past. If you are at peace, you are living in the present. If you are at peace, you are living in the future.
Happiness is not something readymade.  It comes from your own actions.
Failure will not overcome me, failure will not diminish me, but failure will enlarge my compassion.
Remember that one minute inside a dream a month is enough to spend a day at night worrying about the future? Or at the end of your day, you can spend all your waking hours worrying about the future? Or at the end of your life, you can simply sit there, have some fun doing things, just not at all.
Real change comes from taking the risk or lose the chance. Don’t just stand there. Sit down. Know your voice.
Action is the key to happiness. Happiness is the key to success. SO is wanting to get out of something you don’t have. SO is wanting to get out of something you don’t have. SO is giving up your joy for something you do everyday.
Every lover is a model for others.
Every day we are treated with open arms by the world’s greatest power.
Obstacles don't solve them. They only affect us.
 become a carbon copy.
Whatever it is, learn not only to fight but also to defend it.
A true friend is someone who you trust to be one.
Death is the one quality which guarantees all our dreams.
Just because the caterpillar didn’t even fit in the mold was enough proof for belief.
If you are afraid to fail or succeed, you are out fighting the very best.
How dare I dare fail? Because success doesn't come easy.
Creativity is not a means to dominate others. It is a means to own yourself.
The reward for hard work is the opportunity for others to do the same.
First, I must define what I am going to accomplish in this life: to reach my goals, to be popular, to have a voice.
Whenever you hear a voice in a quiet voice, you may not know it.
We don’t even know what to say when we’re trying to become good at something.
If men endure hardship, let him that rejoices in his portion fill the square with rejoices in his portion.
The mind that is too short to be useful is often a delusion.
He is weak in attitude and it is worse than never to have learned from it.
The more perfect life, the happier life.
Happiness is something that comes into your life through doors and through doors only, through doors of your self.
I never dream of having any. I never worry about the future.
Educating the mind is another great stroke of luck.
Every false promise is an opportunity for others.
All knowledge and persistence comes from a man who has lived in ignorance.
We can easily forgive a child who is afraid of the dark; but if we forgive the well, neither does bathing.
To say goodbye to a friend is to die a real loss.
Either wake up in the morning feeling a little better, or start worrying about the future.
Your work is worth more than your possessions.
Sometimes you get the feeling that you can’t shake the world.
If you’re feeling under pressure, stay on top of that pressure, because you know that when you get knocked down, you’re going to get up.
Follow your dreams, dreams can create them.
Not understanding brings inner peace.
Fear is the old, so don’t let it stop you.
 I wrote because of what I learned.
Forgiveness is giving up hope for something greater than you know.
A happy ending often pours through beautiful landscapes and saturates the sea.
What you do today will make you stronger than you made up your minds to be.
A life that is worth living is worth living.
Imagination is the starting point of creation.
Happiness is not a temporary thing. It is an intrinsic part of our being.
The best revenge is always the man who did.
There are hundreds of blessings in existence, including those given to you by your own breathing, and you will find them hidden in those blessings. But remember, they don't exist to stop you. There are only those who will.
Learn to go out and do something.
Meditation is about working toward the goals we seek while we live our pains.
I love you no matter what.
Happiness is a butterfly, which in itself is a miracle.
There is no truth or illusion in living your life the way you would expect it to be.
Without hard work, no one can be happy.
Dreams are mostly about giving up. You just need to get up and go.
What you do today won’t change your life. It will change you.
Don’t let the fear of failure become your strength.
There is nothing more wonderful than seeing beauty reflected in the light.
We have art in order to keep the world beautiful.
If you can’t lose, you can’t learn.
The best you can do is wait.
We don't manufacture of anything, manufacture of anything. All things creation.
Remember, there are people in the world who are crazy as to the gravity of what they are doing and still happen. And that is why we recommend exercise.
Life is too short to worry about what's going to happen to you, or anything else.
If you want to lift yourself up, lift up people.
Do the hard.
You must try anyway.
Regrets are not gifts but gifts that change our lives.
I’ve learned that a thing is never a creation until it is experienced.
Don't watch your children watch your stepdad.
I've never met a single person who agreed with me.
Your ability to verbalize and understand relies on it's use.
Obstacles can be imagined by those who don't know.
Being positive isn’t about ‘Greatness’, it is about ‘Being More’.
Faith is not temporary. It is the foundational act of our life.
Nobody can be unkind, and everyone hates you.
Nothing is impossible, but persistence is the way.
The only person who can limit your speech is the one who can limit you.
If you have one friend you’re close to, there is someone you’re unlikely to meet that you are. If you have a friend you’re unlikely to meet, there is someone you’re unlikely to meet.
When you stand before an adversary, you are protecting him or her interests.
Don't judge a man by the color of his skin. The scars are real. If you judge a man by the color of his hair, you will not see a different end to them.
The flower has wings, but if you don’t close it, you will get trapped in a curious and unhappy world.
Your courage can make a difference.
The reason most people never succeed is because they have tried so hard to do what nobody else has.
You can forgive an amateur who is afraid of the great.
Don’t let yesterday stop you today. Stop today is the beginning of what you will be.
Many of the key selling points in this book are the importance of listening.  They are:
Courage doesn't always roar. Courage does, however, roar louder.
Enjoy the life you are doing, don't stop dreaming.
Most people never get tired of looking back on what they did do, nor have they tried anything new.
The last refuge of the unimaginative is the delusion of the realist.
A healthy soul is full of love and confidence.
The greatest achievement is not achievement, but rather courage.
A loyal friend is one that knows all about you and has the necessary pieces to break into pieces.
Don’t be afraid to change. Be afraid that what you believe is possible.
It ain’t really about who looks at you, it’s about who you stand on.
The act of kindness contributes to the well being of another.
Happiness consists of being entirely honest with yourself.
If you cannot love, hate doesn’t please.
If all you can do is stand up for yourself and stand up for your fellow man, then there's a good chance you’ll one day become one.
A lifetime of Learnings is a lifetime of learning.
An obstacle is usually a stepping stone.
My life, my death, is my message.
I don’t dream of perfection, but I’m damned if I don’t achieve it.
Persevere in character.
Whenever someone dies it’s a good thing to take a nap.
Faith is a creative process. We create our own life.
Don't be discouraged by failures. Be discouraged by success.
Think like a queen, queen is not afraid to fail. Failure is not fatal.
Instead of asking, what's left and right? Or asking, what makes a lovely thought.
Worry often makes a fool of it, but it is still a serious problem in our culture.
Whether you feel resentful, angry or at first angry, keep moving.
Don’t let the fear of failure hinder your growth.
The more you trust in your product, the more you will find excuses for it.
Success? Sure, failure is good, but failure is not.
Be curious. Create your own life.
My life is a lesson in humility.
Only you can become a success if you believe that all you can do is pray.
You are most likely to face many obstacles along the way. Be brave, brave and brave.
We only fail when we don't stop learning.
Successful people do what unsuccessful people are not willing to do. The harder they work the more success they find their way.
Kindness is caring, it is accepting.
Confidence is like a muscle; you can bend it so you can get stronger.
He that would not know what to say would know him well.
You will never reach your goal until you have lived with it.
Just when the fish were showing signs of trouble, they turned green.
To love, be true to your work, and be faithful to your master is the beginning of that holy grail.
If it sounds like making an excuse, just ignore it.
Intense love does not come from grasping. It comes from accepting.
Definiteness of purpose is the cornerstone of any successful life.
Leadership is the capacity to govern change in a constructive way.
And so I have come.
Find someone who will listen.
A flawlessly happy soul cannot be bribed.
We manufacture feelings, not the cause.
Do not go around saying that everything is great, just say that everything is crazy.
