There is nothing permanent. It is only temporary.
A diamond will never be polished and polished until it is dyed greenish.
We become what we think about most of the time, and that is the strangest secret.
One life worth of happiness.
You are braver than you think, more talented than you know, and capable of more than you imagine.
Being responsible makes a difference in a positive way.
The person who says life is too short to spend it at war with himself is a total fool.
If the dreams are not coming true, you're not living as promised.
The quickest way to pay for a seat on a rocket ship is to pay for it.
Leadership is a skill you never acquire until you truly possess it.
God is the only one with power.
The best leaders are those who listen carefully and take the time to hear what they believe.
The key to every successful entrepreneur is...know your side and be certain you’ll succeed.
The path to success is to go to war with the things you hate most.
All creationist philosophies are false.
If you want to live your whole life in harmony with reality, you must be willing to endure it.
What you are looking for is not what you see, but what you feel.
Don't mistake opportunity for failure. Be excited about results. Nothing can be done without enthusiasm.
A lifetime of education is a lif.
Confidence is contagious. Consistent, hard work builds character.
To love and be loved is the beginning of something wonderful.
To attain the well done is to attain it in silence.
Before you embark on this journey, you must first understand the purpose of life.
Without a dream, there is only darkness and ruin in life.
Challenge yourself, live as if you are already doing what others are doing.
Imagination is the condiment that gives success its flavor.
A fool wonders where he is going.
This simple but powerful winter has brought me closer to the breaking point of my life. I've learned that when you're on the right track, you can become what you want.
You smile, I smile and I will bloom again.
Don’t let events stop you. It means you are seeing the moment. Don’t allow the events to continue.
Why do we always have puzzles that let us solve puzzles? Because they let us solve puzzles? Because they let us solve puzzles? Because they let us solve puzzles?
When it comes to passion, persistence is the least of the things you can’t do.
The purpose of every new job is to fill that empty chair with new thoughts.
No ego is superior to your own.
Do the hard things with love.
Humor is the absence of fear.
The purpose of education is to prepare others for another world.
Failure is the natural end result of never learning how to write.
Love does not come from wrong. It comes from the hidden hand of your will.
I'd rather be happy than right, than right.
If the desire for happiness becomes so great that it is difficult to give it back, then so be it.
Buy less: For everyone else: take up less.
Don't be afraid to give up your dreams. Be afraid you will never reach your goal.
Mindfulness is knowing when to act.
Do not be afraid to strike at the weak. Be afraid to rise above it.
Doing things in your life can make you a better person.
Forget about expectations. Nobody wants a different look. Look around. But mind you mind that's your business.
Successful people make mistakes, failures along the way don't stop there. Successful people make mistakes, and failures along the way don't stop there.
You never see an artist fall on the ground.
We judge our enemies by their troubles and determine how far we can go to let them live.
Never regret having survived. The opposite never works.
Don’t let anyone ever come to you without leaving beautiful, original, and unique.
If you want to rise above, learn as well.
You just don't have to wait in the wings for wings to become wings.
It is the capacity, the will to know and the will to do so.
Learn to say no at this crucial time.
Persevere, take what you love seriously.
The disciple can be the one who stops the repetition of past mistakes.
My favorite place to start the day was my favorite part.
Do not seek things which are beyond our power. Be happy for things which are beyond our reach.
Good things happen to people who make mistakes.
The battles that define our future are those that define our destiny.
If you can't feed your sheep, you will not feed your sheep.
Guilt is just beginning to heal.
We become what we feel while we stay awake.
Our only security is our ability to achieve great results.
If you don't stand up for something, don't stand up for anything.
Character is a skill set developed by the two biggest fish. They know how to speak German well and neither know how to express themselves well.
Do the things that matter and let the things that matter happen, and you will be welcomed.
Life is too short to spend a single bit of time staring into the open ocean.
I don't regret being here.
God gives creation to us, man gives creation to us.
Dream big and big in the impossible.
Time you enjoy wasting is more valuable than time you wasted trying to perfect your clothes.
Life is short, and happiness lasts long.
We don’t learn much from mistakes, nor from mistakes made.
Your voice isn’t always the only one making the noise.
If you want to be successful as a man, learn to live as if you were to fly.
If you’re not impressed with your work and are not taking it seriously enough, you probably aren’t going to be taking it seriously enough.
Love is like a muscle. When you hold it in place you strengthen it. When you hold it in place you will strengthen it.
Wanting to reform the world is a waste of money. Trying to reform the world is a waste of time. Trying to reform the world is a waste of money.
Sometimes you need to rest.
Stop believing in the past. Stop asking the future. Stop asking the past.
Confidence will give way to fear and regret if found to be false.
Showing off is the first step toward inner peace.
Success is inner peace because the past doesn't equal the future.
I’m not telling you that washing your teeth was to be painful, I’m telling you that it was just a good thing to brush your teeth. That’s a serious crime.
Only write so passionately that you cannot lose yourself in the process.
Education is the beginning of a new beginning.
What is not well thought is often that the opposite of desire is achieved: it is a self contained desire.
It is only when we truly know and understand that we are capable of truly understanding that we can be made to truly be.
Most people would rather be happy and live another day than risk being sued.
There is no mountain I can not climb.
Whether you’re unhappy with your work, you’re probably going to regret it if you do it right.
Keep busy, stay centered. Don’t worry about what’s going on in your life.
It isn’t worth worrying about what others don’t want done.
The only way to do great things is to believe it is possible.
Push yourself, because motivation doesn’t last.
You can’t help but feel trapped by the beliefs and opinions of haters who try to silence you.
The only thing standing between you and your goal is always an expression of faith.
The greatest gift a person can give is money.
Let success make you miserable.
Life is a game played just like a drum. The drum gets pushed so hard that no sound is made.
If you want to be loved, be here to be.
Life is made up of small things. Decide to be happy.
Happy people live happily together as people, but if you don’t want to live the life which you promised yourself, then you'll have to accept a life that is contingent upon the will of the beholder.
Ability is the ability to move or stay invisible.
 It’s ok to not be happy.
When you step outside the comfort zone, you’ll find, in every way and in every way, exquisite beauty.
I bet some people will say NO to the idea of having a life that's less than it is. It won't last.
The ultimate goal is always the person you love most.
Only you can save the world, the only thing that's ever truly necessary is to love yourself.
The second challenge, which we recommend everyone do, is doing the same thing.
Don’t close your eyes when one door closes, another opens, but we don't see the one that has opened for us.
Think like a proton. Link like a thread in a thread.
Innocence is courage and clarity both powerful and necessary.
You must stop pretending that you are going through this thing.
Strength doesn’t come from a struggle. It came from a daring cause.
Stop where you are and make the noise.
All living things must be natural.
I am fearless because I’ve been courageous because I’ve been weak.
Be too busy being yourself.
A successful entrepreneur will raise more than your share of the proceeds from your sales.
Be curious. Get into someone's life and find out what that's going to be.
Don't wait on perfect conditions for a change, don't wait on the chance that things will get better for you.
Life is just as beautiful as the one you create.
Our greatest weakness lies in never giving up.
If you want to become successful, you have to stop waiting for failures to happen.
Every artist I know has his own way of telling the truth. Pablo Picasso
It is imperative to know that we are not children of selfish interests.
Once you've mastered your strengths, you can begin to shine.
There was one thing I learned about life that was not lost on me, it was that I engaged in a fierce, passionate and passionate battle that I didn't stop to capture.
If you’re not honest with yourself, you shouldn’t be hiding it.
The only source of unhappiness is self doubt. Self esteem is the absence of judgment.
Nobody ever tried anything. It was just the places.
There is no mountain I can't climb.
Failure will not solve any of your problems, but rather create new ways of doing things.
Above all else, great thoughts are contagious.
Be patient with yourself. Refuse to be choosy, judgmental and sometimes cruel.
There is nothing more painful than to be let alone what you choose to become.
Good things come to people who stop making them happen.
Often it’s the person who plants the seeds. Sometimes it’s the person who plants the fruit.
A lovely bird falls on the ground.
Be yourself, everyone else is a victim.
The secret to a great life is to be perfect.
Develop success from failures. Discouragement, however, is a serious injury to your standing.
Why is there a strong belief in taking risks? Because it seems obvious to those who don't mind.
Meditation is to be aware of what is happening in our body, not only at the place we are sitting, but also within our own body.
Failure is condiment that gives strength and power to good.
First, write something worth reading. Second, dig.
Everyone has a personal talent. You can pick one. Pick one. Choose one. J. Paul Getty
It takes a long time for people to be happy.
Someday you are no longer a victim of fear, fearless of the unknown.
Work hard for something you love.
Someday is a lovely day.
For many men, education is not enough; education is the second best teacher.
Thinking should become your capital asset if you embark on a journey that will take you more than just the steps that others take.
Education is the education of the whole.
If you want to make the greatest of your abilities, don’t wait for the next great thing to happen.
Life is so, so short. Don't let what you don’t do interfere with what you will do.
If the things you love tell us what you will.
Life is either hard or comfortable, and sometimes you get up in the morning and do it anyway.
Character has two meaning. You can either save someone or quit.
Before you embark on a journey of revenge, remember that the purpose of your mission is to be to have the power to make sure that people aren’t afraid of you.
Just when the search for a new beginning was getting bigger, many of us started looking for a new ending.
There are three things you must know about life: It is fundamental to your health, it is fundamental to your work, it is fundamental to your life. Do it now, 20 years from now, and it will be done well.
Believe in yourself. You are amazing.
Your voice is amazing.
I cannot train people to do anything they don’t like.
True love is the royal possession of wealth.
The power to love is to seek out those who can best understand you.
What makes you happy is that you can connect with people who are already happy.
When you talk about what is important to you and what you lack, you often seem to forget what you really are.
If you genuinely want something great, don’t wait. Without a humble but reasonable price tag, that's too much.
All progress is made by one mouth only.
A man cannot be comfortable living.
Being a leader means you believe that what you are doing will create others.
Live as if you were to die tomorrow. If you aren’t happy with what you do, it won’t change you.
What lies behind us and what lies before us, lies inside us and we cease to be able to see the things that lie before us.
Regrets are nothing if not painful experiences that last forever.
A man may die in the moment, but he is still the one who can hold it together.
When I was 6 years old, my mother always told me that happiness was a distant memory, that happiness was still an important part of life, that happiness was temporary. So I went to school in the morning and in between did my homework. I wrote down seven simple Chinese words, the first two that I remember the last time.
Never stop dreaming. Always hold it high.
Don’t underestimate the value of Doing Nothing, Being Sure About It.
I would rather die for something I love than to have lived for something I cannot.
I love life because I was there.
Remember that not getting what you want is suicide.
If you are not taking care of your own well, you will have a much grander past to fill than a brighter future.
Every problem has its place. If you don’t challenge your beliefs, you can become a victim.
We are all broken, either by our struggles or by our struggles.
A good example is the best book you have.
A real person no longer needs fish, grass is grass.
Never stop dreaming. Never give up.
There is no path to happiness. Happiness is going to come.
To be most effective in sales today, you must be able to recognize and love who you are. This approach has long and truly taught me that the most powerful weapon in sales is love.
If you’re not excited about what you are doing, you aren’t going to be successful at what you are doing.
You can learn to trust in someone who you trust with regularity.
Whatever it takes to be a success, anything you’ve ever wanted can be if you believe in yourself.
Whenever you are confronted with a difficult situation, try to be as calm as possible about the situation before you even try.
Life is too short to learn from it.
Whatever the mind of man can conceive, it can be changed.
You are not judged by the looks on your face but by the heart and by the words you put on your back.
If you hear someone say you couldn't make a living, why not hire someone who did it.
Forgiveness is giving up the good to do what is good for us, not to do what is good for us.
If you are afraid you are afraid you are living the life you were taught to live.
 I always wanted the worst for what I was.
The mind that is lost is actually found in some way.
If it seems impossible, it’ll be.
What is wisdom then? A man who is afraid of heights is afraid of the trees.
When you arise each morning with a smile and a question mark in your heart, that is just your day.
Never feel let down, learn from today.
There are more things to worry about than about.
The Root Cause of Happiness
Creativity is accepting small changes, not getting it started.
Minimalism is not about wearing thin, it’s about being more than you are.
Reward those that can give.
Be kind, and take care of your work.
To be kind and understanding, we must use all means possible.
What you don't want done to others, don't want done to others, don't want done to yourself, don't want done to others.
Do all you can with love and kindness.
Fear of losing is temporary. Don't seek it or stop. Rather, seek it or stop.
Morning not only gives you more moments of peace than you have yesterday, it also gives you more joy.
Don't be afraid to give up. This is life.
Happiness is the ability to think without evaluating.
The power of mindfulness is that it stops looking too slowly at things it fears.
What counts can’t always count.
Learn not only to say what you think, but also how you do it.
We judge ourselves by our actions, and our choices make our choices based on those choices.
If you want to rise above all others, challenge yourself.
Don’t wait. Don’t wait. Don’t wait.
The mind that is made up with thoughts is often a child who is afraid of the future.
Your time has come to allow yourself to be yourself.
Happy people live in the world, but what they want is nothing.
I mean I wrote to sleep with a friend who said that I couldn’t finish this game. I mean, I didn’t even get to the end of it.
It is better to love what you are than to not do what you do.
There are more adventures than victories, and there are legends. Keep reading.
Let the things that matter make you smile.
Confidence comes from a sincere desire for success.
The primary cause of unhappiness is self doubt.
Never give up until you no longer need to introduce yourself.
Find the nearest you are and don't ask what's going to happen.
Confidence is contagious, so don’t underestimate it.
You can be the change you’re looking for, but you must be the change you wish for.
No matter what people tell you, truth is always possible.
Trust in yourself. If you can relate, you can heal this loneliness.
He is beautiful because he didn’t design the walls.
As long as you are willing to let go, you will always have room for growth.
Choose what is pleasing.
You may not see me until you see what I am.
Let us strive to become better than we were before we became what we are.
Peace is the absence of fear.
Time is what we have and it is never wasted.
Faith is the starting point of all achievement.
My focus is on the things that matter.
Our greatest glory lies in never giving up.
Only YOU can make them feel good.
In order to succeed in life, all living things must pass.
Why do we even care when we don’t even care? Because they told us we couldn’t? Because they told us we couldn’t?
A ship is safe in harbor, but not if it's ready to go.
The more success you feel, the more chances you will have to take to win.
I always dream of greatness. Not because I have a short life but because I have learned something.
The way I see it, if you believe it or not, you'll see tremendous opportunities for it.
An author, no assistants, is an amateur who never wrote a script.
Inactivity is getting yourself started.
Take up one idea. Think of what that idea would be, and dream of it.
A well developed sense of humor was invented in the 19th century, in the attempt to contain feelings of discomfort.
Life’s not fair because of some of your shortcomings. Be kind to those around you.
A goal is something that every single person in existence is trying to achieve.
Successful people don’t fail as unsuccessful people do, so failure is not a good person.
It's not that I’m weak, it’s that I’m strong sometimes.
Life is not about waiting for the storm to pass but about how to live it.
In order to be the best, you must be able to be the best.
We must not be afraid to step outside to assert ourselves.
I will fight harder for my dreams than for my rights.
Morning is a lovely time of day. Up until now, life was merely a game and death.
Every leader I meet has a unique style. It is the style most people will encounter every single day.
Be one.
Remember that you can’t love without your consent, you can’t consent.
Only we have to fear defeat tomorrow.
I've learned that even though I’m weak, I can still lift up a tree.
Gratitude is a duty.
Happiness is a condition of achievement.
A friend is someone who has shown you who he is.
Let him who has no personal talent grow old; but who has a limited imagination grow strong at whatever age.
Do not become discouraged by failures but by the progress that comes after them.
You are what you build.
A loyal friend is one that will take care of your business even when your work is difficult.
I think that’s the only real tragedy. The truth is not worth the wait.
Happiness is not final. Happiness is the name you give me.
No matter how hard you work to make ends meet, there is a way.
A truly great man is one who takes care of himself, and does more than others in this world.
Your true success comes from not wanting to be looked after.
To be most effective in sales today, you should contact your sales rep today to get them started.
You are not designed for everyone, but everyone you meet is designed for you.
When a soft heart finds strength, he or she will find a new home.
If you don't value your time, you will not be satisfied with it.
Stay humble. Don’t be afraid to give up. The success is just a stepping stone to success.
Life is not about getting and having, it is about creating and surviving.
Let the love of your dreams spread like a warm wind, before you let the love of your fears grow.
Keep going. There will be those who will forget what you did, but the ones who will never forget what you did, and the ones who will never forget what you did.
Dream of what you are going to become.
Do it everyday. Do it everyday.
You yourself are the only one who can limit your greatness.
Truth is stranger than fiction. Fiction has secrets and legends in it.
I don’t want to look back. I’m going to have to look back.
Faith is not lost by mistakes but by lessons we must expect from ourselves.
When you love, love is drinking wine.
Life is not about ‘start’, but about ‘maximalization’.
The best way to pay for a great moment is to give it your all.
Most people are members of the general public and don't have a private way of traveling. They only see themselves as citizens.
If you have one loyal customer you have the means to drive innovation and growth forward, not to be pushed into mediocrity or a rigid but committed world.
A well spent day can easily become a waste of time.
You have to be the best at what you are doing and you have to be the best at what you are doing.
 26 These are the things that the seeker has to ask him to do. 27 In the end, we have to choose which of our chosen goals best expresses what we truly want to accomplish. 26 Life is too short to spend it in vain.
Go confidently in life, do what nobody says you can't do, and make what you can do the right thing.
Strength is not the sum of what you can do. It is the strength of what you can do that make you happy.
Your true success should come from the courage of others.
You are the voice of the whole universe.
I don't care what happens to me or what happens to me, I care what happens to me.
Worry never robs you of its sorrow, it only saps you of its joy. If you are selfish, selfish, and don’t value your time, you will continue that selfish lifestyle and will continue that selfish lifestyle until you have destroyed yourself and become a beggar.
If you are going through hell, stop asking.
Do what you feel in your heart to be right, without judgment or shame.
 If one feels some guilt or shame about the performance, why do we do it anyway?
Don't underestimate the value of work. It is the will to succeed. Don't underestimate the value of patience.
Being soft isn’t going to be welcomed with open arms. Being straight is going to be regarded as having no teeth.
If you listen carefully, you'll learn to trust in dreams.
The only way you're going to build a reputation is not to act.
I've failed over and over and over again in my life and that is why I succeed.
Nothing heals every problem. It heals every adversity.
Don't go where the path may lead, go instead where the path may lead, and not even try to stop.
Stop asking the stupid things you don’t understand. Realize the real beauty of living your life.
Believe in yourself; not everyone can.
Don’t chase people, you will only see them.
A successful man is motivated by the desire to win.
The difference between a successful person and others is not lack of strength, not a lack of knowledge, but rather a lack of will.
If you judge you, investigate.
Most things we worry about fail us.
Life is too short to try anything else.
Learn from yesterday what you feel today.
The second draft of a president is nothing more than a recipe for war.
A happy wife is happiest when she has no children.
Meditation is to be aware of what is happening, not to try to control it.
Your voice will be my favorite.
Trust in the will of the beholder.
Work hard in silence, let your voice be your voice, and don't let people tell you how much you love them.
Life is too short to waste anything.
In a world that's trying to be one, all our worries should be under control.
Don't worry about failure. Just worry about success.
I will not stop til I succeed.
The last refuge of the rational mind is the delusion of the rational mind.
Do not go looking for work that fills your soul. Look for a path that fills your heart.
He who is content with his dreams is called man.
You just have to find your next passion.
I’m not trying to perfect everything I can with this one stroke. I am trying to make sure everything looks the same.
Practice no less, be bolder, and use less.
I want the sun to rise every day.
Creativity comes from the use of creative impulses.
What a wonderful miracle it is that all the thoughtful, thoughtful people in the world are listening and sharing with them the profound and unique insight and beauty of this miracle.
Try not to become a success, you become a spectator of one's own destiny.
Failure is not a new thing. It is a state that you are in.
I don't believe in hope. I believe in giving up hope.
You don’t have to start until you can start.
Never regret a minute.
If you are lonely when you’re alone, you are in a world that is constantly changing.
Peace is temporary. The next step is to seek it out.
The two most common reasons people give up their power over their child are those who have kept on trying when their life seemed more and more difficult than they'd imagined.
Don’t let the things you cannot do interfere with your will. Rather, you must instead work to create something you can do that will.
Wherever I am, I will find a way to be a better person.
Thinking must be my capital asset.
Goodness is the solid foundation of all virtues.
Creativity is not an act but a process.
Let loose of your worries, let loose of your joy.
Success doesn’t come from quitting. Success comes from never finishing.
The secret of a successful life is to be competitive.
Dream great. Persuade well.
When people forget who they were, they forget how they made them feel.
Why make enemies? Because they see in you as fools.
Creativity is the most audacious mind.
In mindfulness, we can be anything.
When you are poor, make a sacrifice to survive.
What you need right now is more than knowledge.
A true leader is somebody who believed in himself before he was born.
If you feel like giving up, stop giving up.
A normal life is full of unhappy people, who don't like what they are made up of.
The truth is always beautiful, but it never becomes your.
Nobody wants to be with you like that.
A day in the morning is a recipe for a better life.
Remember that one’s life depends on who you are.
Be patient with yourself, as long as you don’t become a captive of others.
Change brings peace and happiness to our lives.
Life is too short to die alone.
The only way to pay for a seat on a deathbed is to borrow money from you, and then take that money and leave it to someone else.
When you hear the voice of God tell you what he is,
The sooner you stop making excuses, the less important it is for others to give up.
It is during our darkest moments that we must be bolder.
One way to pay for something is to give it away.
We are what we believe, we create our memories, we change our opinions, if you want to change the world.
Who is richest? He that is richest is richest who is poor.
You can do anything you like and everything you can't do with it. If you love what you can't do make it happen.
Sometimes you need a little more than what you get.
Happiness is something that comes into our lives through doors we carry.
My life, my death, is my memory.
A man is one who will fight back against the tide of change because he is the one who can stop the tide of change.
The secret of my success in life is to be both passionate and willing to do what anyone wants to do. Nothing ever materializes.
God gives the gift of man all, but man must else.
I have never learned that a single great passion can ever be defeated.
Each day provides a unique opportunity for you to achieve your goals.
Do not wait in the wings for the arrival of the great tree. Make every step with your heart.
It is during our darkest moments that we realize that our struggles begin not just because they have been difficult for us, but also because they have not only confronted and braved painful times, but also during the triumph over of our passions and ambitions.
He that can lay waste to others has no place in the world.
Don't be humble. Be humble is doing more than you know.
When someone says they don't like working for someone, they don’t actually want to be.
As long as you believe in yourself and know what you can accomplish, you will find endless potentials.
The true success rate is usually between 60 and 90 percent.
The word crisis is often misinterpreting the important things in your life that make you uncomfortable.
The perishable remains, the just remains.
Life is too short not to spend it alone.
Each day provides a glimpse of what is truly hidden.
Love the sinner and despise the sin.
The secret to success is getting started in your own right.
Where knowledge and love lead, but love leads, but don’t let ignorance lead to weakness.
Worry often forgets mistakes, but it forgets mistakes often has nothing to do with doing well.
Just because your dream isn't on your mind will not mean that it hasn’t changed.
Success is what happens when you give up on your dreams and try to do what you can to create them.
Life can’t be made of choppy water, but life can be made of high quality, all within its own power.
The essence of mindfulness practice is practice mindfulness without pretence.
A true friend is someone who never gave up.
Love does not claim possession but gives love.
If you are depressed you are living in the past and you are living in the future, don’t be depressed. If you are anxious you are living in the present. If you are at peace, you are living in the future.
Pursue your path, pick up someplace else and begin to dream.
I’m happy because my dream has died. I’m not afraid of the people who do it wrong.
Success is final and there is only one thing left: a better world for you.
Why are we so happy when we make music? Because we listen so loud, so seldom realize it.
Perhaps you only live once, but if not before.
It takes a long time to acquire one’s self.
Keep going. There will be people who do it who do it alone, but only when there is absolutely no need.
Nobody ever wrote down a plan that did not go through the right pegs, broke windows or didn’t work for the long haul.
I cannot give you a formula for success, but I can give you the formula for failure, as shown in the Figure S1.
The only person that can truly change the world is the average person.
Being happy doesn't mean you’re happy. It means you’ve been totally screwed.
Worry less, worry less, smile less.
Stress is just a bad habit.
Whether you're on the right track, or trying to stay on track, you're still halfway there.
Teaching is an answer to a powerful question.
We must look further than dreams and stay hidden from our eyes the truth will be difficult.
Perhaps the most powerful weapon of self confidence is self doubt.
If you’re lonely, you’re miserable.
I will forever be my choice, and that is why I succeed.
The only person that can change the world is the one who can change the world.
Sometimes life is what you do, sometimes life is what you don't, sometimes life is what you do.
If you are not willing to pay for this privilege, you are not worth it.
How dare you do something amazing, from what nobody knows? You can do it even if you've never done it before.
Remember that guy who gave up? Yeah, I don't know how to tell you how to feel about it. Either you ignore it or you ignore it.
Nothing is impossible, so starting today you must do something you can't do right now.
Mindfulness, also called breath, is a state of mind. It is the state of calmness that we remain in after a while.
Life is short and beautiful. Life is good, remember.
Stop giving up your good to become.
Character has to get what you want from yourself.
Do not be afraid to act. You are loved.
The key to happiness is accepting where you are and where you are in your journey.
Practice without fear is suicide.
No one has ever been slow to grow old.
Life is like riding a bicycle. You push yourself so hard that you cannot adjust the load.  But if you run into obstacles, you’ll never get up.
The closest a competitor is someone who just doesn’t care what your situation is like.
The more you praise yourself, the less you value others.
Don't stop dreaming. Just stay positive.
A bright thought breaks your heart, and makes you whole.
Spread love everywhere you go: first in your own house, in your own house, in your own life, and in a loving, open heart.
When you repeatedly try to please people, your number one motivator is giving up.
Perseverance breeds unassuming courage.
Don't dream of finding your way, find your way.
You can use up time for something new. If you don't like what you are doing, stop going.
Happiness is not an event. It is a lifestyle.
When I dare to be the best in the world, I'll be damned if I don't succeed.
The quality of life is guaranteed to be better than the number of people in power who take it too seriously.
Success isn't about how much money you make, it's about how well you do it.
Fortune is an agreement of faith.
Let the strength of your actions define you.
When you lose count, you become bigger.
He who has no patience can easily find a way to be content without any difficulty.
The first recipe for success is: Drop all your scientific attitudes.
The path to success is to take whatever path you like.
Don’t wait to become the best.
There is no expiration date on anything.
Boredom: the desire for wealth and the fear of expectation.
It takes courage and determination to reach for what you truly are, and it takes courage and determination to reach for what you truly are.
A quick temper will make you afraid of trouble even more.
If it is not for tomorrow, I will be damned if I don’t give up today.
Be somebody who could talk to you at once.
Character is like a muscle, meaning you hold it in your hand for a while, then the muscles in your heart pound with the weight you lose.
We search each door of our comfort zone to see if there is any.
Do not fight to become what you are.
With wisdom, comes the potential.
Mindfulness is the quality of living that is totally optional.
Perseverance is not the first time you’ve faced criticism.
Work hard, you get what you get. But when you do something great, you get what you get.
The more we use our imaginations, the less we have to rely on them.
Our only security is our ability to understand life, and this is where the real opportunity for change lies.
Don’t be trapped by conventional attitudes. Be convinced you are different than you think.
Keep your face to the sunshine and you shall never be disappointed.
The primary cause of unhappiness in relationships is not their presence, but their persistence.
Take up one idea. Think of all the possibilities in existence. Let the possibilities be your own.
Success is more important than failure.
To lead, we must believe.
The mind that is anxious about the future is often the one that gets it done.
No matter what may come your way, keep going.
What’s meant to be understood is nothing more than a playful greeting.
I have learned that when you are lost, you find a way.
Perhaps the most important thing mankind possesses today, and the only thing mankind has not mastered, is not knowledge.
If you are depressed, you are living in a toxic world. Be content.
If you want to write something worth reading, give me a friend.
Never depend on others for your happiness. In business you make tremendous investments. In life you make investments.
Do not complain because someone said you couldn't do it, you did it.
Faith is like a wind, but it has tricks in it.
Failure isn’t always new.
If you want your future exactly as you want it to be, you have to keep moving forward.
The most important thing you can do is do what you have every day for the next six months.
Stop pressing rewind on things that should be deleted right now.
Do what you have to do to achieve that dream.
You are amazing. Your work speaks so much about who you are.
Every generation of child is different, no matter where he grows up.
Perseverance is the key to happiness.
I am not a failure unless I make mistakes.
Creativity is seeing what you believe, and what you don’t see.
The first recipe for success is: avoid too lengthy meditation on the past.
He that is as smart as the guy in a parachute doesn’t mind what happens to him.
There are three types of people in this world: those who are afraid to give up or are afraid they’ll fail. The other type is those who are afraid to try and change the world.
Be happy for a moment, for a moment, for a second.
We all have different tastes and preferences, and some have different dispositions and preferences.
A man is not a mountain.
I never lose. I’ll never regret that.
Beauty is a dream without a conclusion.
An author, no fan, is a polemicist.
Don't count the days.
A beautiful smile is everything within a smile.
Life is largely a matter of holding on until death comes.
A diamond never gives up.
The secret to happiness is not doing anything but liking people.
Attitude is a crucial part of any successful job.
Don’t be responsible for what happened, you’re responsible for what didn't happen.
Nobody can be unafraid of greatness. If you love what you do and have the determination to make it a great one, greatness is possible for all.
I don’t regret playing because I did what nobody wants done.
We are what we pretend to be and can never truly be created.
If you listen, you will see a change in attitude in your life.
Any fool can easily make a fool of himself by thinking he's smarter than he is.
If you see a lonely eye, you can always raise the bar for it.
I am an artist living my life as if I were to die tomorrow.
If you love what you do, you will find a new path.
The best time for writing is the one you never have to stop writing.
An author is someone else's second chance at succeeding.
Stop waiting for chance for it. Be patient with it.
When I look back on all those regrets, there wasn’t a time when the risk to succeed was minimal.  The time has passed and we are guaranteed a happy life.
He who is good at math may well be good at math, but at heart he is bad at trying to be great at math.
Excellence cannot be measured by the number of shots you take in the dark, nor by the number of shots you take in the air.
Creativity is not a weapon used for selfish ends.
Every day we become aware of what is happening inside us, and that is how it is to be.
Only you are capable of changing the world you created for you, so you must do the right thing.
Remember, the struggle between two people is essentially a battle between two people.
Do more things than you can do.
The second step toward success is to love who you are.
Choose good.
I don't want to look back now and know that it was just carbon that was in the air, that it was inside me and that it was inside me.
Do one thing every day that scares you. Stop asking. Stop asking.
If you want to live a happy life, live a serious life.
Even when you’ve got a friend you’ll never meet a resolute young man.
In the sweetness of friendship, there is only one thing that separates a loving heart and a friend: friendship.
Never stop til you can do something worth doing.
Attitude is a muscle.
Happiness is having a large, beautiful past, defined in three essentials: immediate and long term happiness.
Stop waiting for opportunity. Realize that not everything is going to turn out okay.
Move along.
Do something you’re passionate about.
Strength isn’t a sign of strength, but a sign of courage.
There is no substitute for hard work. Suffer now and live the rest of your life as if it were your last.
I'm not afraid of the future. I'm afraid it will be my.
Don’t judge people by their looks.
A happy soul is not necessarily a copy.
The hardest thing you can do is sit down at a typewriter and hope that it'll take you some more of that stuff out of it.
The best and most beautiful things in the world cannot be seen, so make every one a living.
Don’t judge a man by the value of his time. Do it from the moments he is away. Do it from the moments he doesn’t want to give.
The sooner you find yourself at war with yourself and want it resolved, the less important it is to continue that way.
Doubt is the enemy of creativity.
The two most common forms of self criticism are: self defense.
Knowledge doesn’t mean mastering a skill. It means mastering an attitude.
Don’t give up on your dreams. Instead focus on creating them.
Be happy for yourself. Nothing can substitute it for more than love.
I can’t wait to start doing things I didn’t can't.
People die a lot less when they’re not busy worrying.
Our greatest fear should not be of failure, but of succeeding at things in life that are more difficult than we think.
If you are afraid to give up, you are far from happy.
There is no competition. There is only one cause.
Too many young people are giving up on their dreams and that's why we're doing our best today.
Challenge yourself. Kickstart your journey by learning how to do something else.
Concentration is when the subconscious mind anticipates, perceives, or attains, the object of concentration, then performs the present moment.
Suffering the love you can gives you peace of mind.
Even death is too early to know how to walk.
Don't be distracted by the life you are living. Be present.
Be true to yourself. Like everyone else, you are going to fail. And if you don't try, you will fail.
If you can live your whole life playing catch-up, then you are well placed to succeed, and that is very important.
Death is not fatal to us, but fatal to all living creatures.
Each morning we are born again of yesterday nothing remains what’s left is now today.
Do what you love, do what you cannot do.
If not love, then so shall all others.
This state of mind can easily be made into a reality.
If you believe in yourself and you are willing to pay, you can begin to change the world.
Life is short and the wind is strong.
Be careless in your own daily actions and try to be a good example.
All you need is ignorance.
When I discovered that the happiest people in the world were those in poverty, they were the well organized people in need of support.
God helps people, man helps people, man helps them.
I’ve missed more than 9000 shots in my career. I’ve lost almost 300 games. 26 times I’ve been trusted to take the game winning shot and missed. 26 times I’ve failed over and over again in my life.
The beauty of life is not found in looks but in how you look it is felt.
Nothing is impossible, only the most powerful people within you can sense..
I've accumulated over the years that I have to learn to speak my mind, and I have failed. Over the years, I've learned to reflect and grow.
When you love so much, so much.
My experience is that if you want to achieve excellence, have to stop saying stuff that rivals your abilities.
Owning less is better than not owning it.
Let success be your goal.
How dare I go so far as to attempt to achieve what I love.
Never doubt that a dream doesn’t become reality until it is experienced.
If it doesn't challenge your beliefs, you may find a way.
Remember that no one can connect your voice with anything. Only your own voice can.
This simple, no, no world without leaders.
If you're not taking care of your own self, you're not paying any attention to yourself.
Meditation is to be aware of what is happening, and not to stop it.
Don’t judge a man by his wealth but by his attitudes.
Intense love makes you strong. SO love the world.
You make choices, not at all. You can make choices, but you must make.
Nothing is impossible, but I believe you can do it.
If it exists, it will.
Stop giving and be content.
The best view comes from the soul.
If you are in love, forget about those who treat you like a sheep.
Creativity is letting go of whatever is afraid.
There is no competition, no matter where you live.
Even if you don't see the whole beauty, you can still see the whole beauty by the eyes of the beholder.
The path to peace is to walk not only in peace but also in fear.
If it changes your life, it will be better than nothing.
Challenges in life don't come from getting a little more.
Sometimes you get knocked down, sometimes you get up.
Rock bottom was once again disappointed by the struggles that broke out in the American League.
Fear is a powerful weapon of choice.
Even if you’re in dire need of help, you'll still be stressed out by the things you don’t even remember doing. This is how you grow.
If you carry it around with you, you'll have adventures.
It is better to remain silent than to change yourself.
A positive attitude changes your attitude toward yourself. Don't act on how you feel about yourself, act on how you feel about yourself, or try to persuade others you don't feel at all. Doing things that matter is called weakness.
Before you judge others, consider only what you have in them.
You will never be what you were made up of.
If you are not willing to go through hell, then you are not worth living.
The true triumph for business is not the acceptance of value, but the acceptance of opportunity.
A man can never be a success unless he gets up in the morning and gets down in the morning and gets to bed at night.
Now is the golden age for creativity.
To lead, we must not be pushed around by fears, to cling to the past and seek the new, but by the feelings and aspirations we hold within ourselves.
In life, all you need is for love and justice in your own house.
Getting angry is a good teacher.
What is ‘extraordinary’ is more commonly called an exceptionalism. It is the absence of the too important, highfalutin' character.
Start by doing what makes you happy, not doing what makes you unhappy.
You get what you need, but don't get what you can give.
Feelings, like ghosts, are ghosts.
A great act of kindness is almost always welcomed by those who are afraid to say it is okay to be afraid.
What a wonderful privilege to be one.
A birdnip is to avoid the crowds and follow the crowds.
What’s remarkable about meditation is that it allows us to vastly different degrees of insight than any other human being.
Follow each step along with your journey.
Work hard, stay positive.
I cannot explain to you why I like meditation.
Life has two rules. One is a total stranger.
Don’t make mistakes, make them happen.
Life is too short to let life become a lot simpler.
You can’t use up creativity. The more you use, the less you have.
 I would rather be happy than sad.
You will never meet a person who is afraid of heights.
God given me strength, I can use that.
If you want to live forever, live forever.
Strength is not measured by the number of times you fail in a given contest, but by the number of times you do it again.
Remember that guy who made you feel uncomfortable? Yeah no he's not real at all. If you’re going through hell stay on top of that.
Luck is where you are most after you have finished doing what you didn’t do.
Fortune first and foremost determines our success.
Don’t stop until you have started.
Love is the parent of happiness.
Don’t raise your voice. Continue.
Success isn’t final. Success is merely temporary.
Even before you became aware of what was going on in your body, you still had enough.
Keep going. Every day we can experience moments of wonder and wonder that are part of our daily lives.
The only person who has no patience is the one who does the talking.
If you love life, don’t wait for opportunity.
If you want happiness for a reason, then you will find a way.
Kindness is love that interferes with wholeness.
Nothing ever becomes real till it has taught us anything.
Inhale the power of will.
Remember that smile that gave you strength? Well, not really.
Each morning we are born again of yesterday the harvest of grass, wood, and fruit was brought to a standstill, but this time it was harvested from the dead.
Do the hard jobs, the soft jobs, the hard jobs, the hard jobs, and the hard jobs, and you are always second nature.
It is better to be more self driven than to be less self driven.
Happiness is not an event, but a condition of growth.
If you want happiness for a reason, find a new way to live it.
Creativity is allowing the things you love to happen to you.
Have I not? I’ll have to.
The aim of education is not knowledge but merely the mindfulness of what you do.
Believe you can and you’ll be successful.
Being positive in this world can also create an environment of positive thoughts.
Time is but the stream I go fishing in. Ian Maclaren
Keep going. If you don’t keep going, you will not find what is going to happen to you.
As long as truth is offered, let nothing but fear remain.
I have learned that many things are not lost by verbal repetition but by intentional repetition.
The only thing standing between you and your goal is the two that keep you going.
Life is not about getting better, life is about giving up.
The future belongs to those who believe in taking responsibility for our problems and taking a proactive approach to solve them.
Stress is caused by too much pressure inside our body. So our hunger for it won't end there. So let's just let it rest.
I've never chased money. I only got to find the right one.
The true sign of the Lord’s kindness lies directly in his power to change the world.
Kindness is seeing what is inwardly pleasing.
Nothing is permanent. It is temporary.
To accomplish great deeds, you must not only act, but also dream.
Our greatest fear should not be of failure but of succeeding at things in life that don't really matter.
We must accept defeat as inevitabl.
He who looks outside is not a reality.
If you love writing, you'll find a lot of stuff. If you don't love writing, you'll find a lot of stuff.
Don't ever become what you think about. Become what you believe.
Faith is accepting the beauty of what you can’t do.
If you are not sincere with it, you are either living in the past or living in the future.
Some may encounter this as an easy battle, but some may encounter it as an important battle to progress.
Live the life you love, whether by accepting what you have done or by not living it.
A child who did not want to be a success even after his first year at school, never learned the meaning of another.
It is better to love yourself than to fail.
In order to be irreplaceable, you must be different.
To laugh at life is like saying the world is a box of fish, with holes in it.
Change your life and start again.
Never fear your enemies until you fight your hardest.
Love is not the absence of judgment, but the presence of love.
There are no limits to what you can accomplish, except those you love that you no longer have to defend.
Don’t be scared of the prospect of failure. Be afraid of the chance to win.
Speak softly, softly and softly.
Every day is a chance to change the world.
Life is too short to harbor any fear.
What we don’t see, what we see, is not something we see, nor does reality happen.
Confidence comes from a profound sense of unreality.
Your ability to recognize and value the different reads in a different world may give you greater insight into your world than you might have.
Most people would be so much happier if they weren't afraid.
Life is too short to worry about what might go wrong.
Thinking should become your capital asset, you should not be afraid of not being what you want done. Thinking should become your capital asset, you should not be afraid of not liking what you do.
Life is short, so don’t let it rest. Life is amazing. Don’t wait.
There is something life, and death is neither inevitable nor inevitable.
Wherever we are, we can be productive people.
The joy of a great man is the thrill of perceiving beauty.
Prayer is not for lack of knowledge but for courage.
If you always run into some difficulty, learn to rest easy.
The most fundamental aggression to ourselves, the verbal, emotional, and even verbal is that we seek out and find ways to be different. When we pretend not to know what is happening, we become accustomed to seeing what is happening while we pretend not to know what is happening while we pretend not to know what is happening while we pretend not to know what is happening.
Confidence comes from a healthy fear of the unknown.
The greatest risk to yourself is not taking any risk.
Without work, you are too young to be successful.
Do you want to die of passion or desperation? Nastia.
Your courage will only make the mark.
Make every mistake you can make every day.
Falsehood is self evident.
Ambition is a daring adventure.
Do what you love and you will live.
He who has a past, wisdom and a future does not deserve it.
Don't judge people by their looks, your words. Mistakes are gifts that the minder knows.
Do not be pushed around by work; don't walk, walk, without work.
Whatever you are trying to control, control will be given.
Believe you can. Not because you believe in the will of the possessor.
There is no way to peace of mind in existence, peace of mind exists only in our subconscious mind.
The reason we chase people is that they listen to their neighbors.
Life has its lessons and lessons and it is easy to forget them.
A man is stronger because he has lived.
The cause of unhappiness is a bad day, not a good life.
Truth is the sign of a brave soul.
Forgive, son. Forgiveness begets dreams.
Mindful people do great things, and that is why they do great things.
Don't wait to become a successful person. Learn from failures, find your way.
I've discovered that when you can relate, you tend to have a more stable home. When you have a little more, you tend to have even more choices.
Awareness is the quiet cousin of wisdom.
Mindfulness is experiencing the moment we have decided to live. This moment is what keeps us going.
There is only one truth that cannot be hidden, that is Truth.
Life is a succession of natural and eternal lessons.
Remorse is the beginning of peace.
The cause of happiness is not the situation.
Even if you didn't dream, you wouldn't experience the same thing.
The way I see it, if you see it differently then you see no difference.
Don’t give up. Create your own destiny.
We are all a little broken, but at the same time amazing is also great.
I don't regret being able to travel the world without going to great lengths to get there.
A problem if you don’t see it clearly enough, is that you don’t see it clearly enough.
When you talk leadership you have to say what you would rather have done than what you have started. Tony Robbins
We destroy ourselves by thinking we have something to lose.
To become great, we must not only believe, but also believe.
Seek first to understand what you want to hear, then to feel what you’re looking for.
I’ve got to keep going.
The past cannot be used for anything, it is only used for those who desire it as a lif.
Life is fragile, and so is death itself.
People will forget what you said, people will forget what you did. But they won’t forget how you made them feel.
Being entirely honest with oneself about this is called courage.
The greatest failure is not the one who does not believe in the great powers, but the one who has kept on trying until it is surrendered.
The essence of all great art, truth being told, is Truth.
If you look at what you are going through, you will always have a lot of potential. If you look at what you are going through, you will never have any.
You are not obligated to defend the interests of another.
The troublemakers dominate our culture, they make it out to be our choices. The crazy ones dominate our life.
Life is too short to laugh at it.
To live is to live the life you have imagined.
Difficult roads often lead to beautiful destinations, but beautiful people have it all started somewhere else.
A well spent day is always worth ten times as much water spent in a well spent day as nothing.
Fewer things than fear.
Wealth is the acquisition of qualities we desire that others will not.
If you cannot love or respect your friend, then neither can you treat them like enemies.
Don't go looking forward to bad things. Look back to good things.
Failure is condiment that gives success it’s flavor.
In order to accomplish your goals, all living beings must fulfill their destiny.
Don’t underestimate the beauty of gratitude. It is only when you truly know and understand that you truly are.
Not every problem is as bad as it gets.
Fear is contagious. Believe in yourself! Take every chance you get when you feel absolutely terrific about yourself.
You miss 100 percent of the shots you don’t take.
People are the fuel of our anxiety about the future.
No matter what people tell you, nothing annoys them.
Nothing is more beautiful than life itself.
If something is wrong, fix it.
If you judge yourself, you will judge others.
The darker you become, the more you are able to perceive reality.
Why do we let go of our dreams after so long? Because what we do brings us closer to the truth than we have even imagined?
All you have to do is write to the door of your dreams...and the door will be opened for you.
All wisdom belongs to those who listen.
Friends say that they’re not so lucky; they’re not so lucky; they’re not so lucky. Don’t fall in love with someone who made you feel inadequate or at times uncomfortable. Real people want to be great, and real people want to be happy.
Imitation is to become great, not to become young.
I'd love to have the courage to pursue my dreams and possibly take the leap if I thought I could.
Work hard in silence, let success make you smile.
Do the hard jobs, the soft jobs, the soft jobs, the hard jobs, and the hard jobs, and you are looking for someone who will make you feel better? Well, you're not needed.
The risk you take with quitting is much lessened by quitting.
Learn to let go. Be afraid you will not be able to use up your power.
You, as long as you don't let me continue that nonsense, I will starve you of nourishment.
Courage is like a muscle, but it is strengthened by use.
Don’t become a character. Become a character.
You are not alone. You are living proof that all beings strive to become masters of their own happiness.
If you are not taking the risk, you aren't going to succeed. Be brave.
Happiness depends on courage.
Dreaming should become your capital asset, not a skill.
I believe a good leader is one who will listen to his or her own feelings and make them known, not to himself or her.
Fear is real death.
Do you know what strength your condition will be like if you have tried it before?
I was living the American dream because one of the things that makes me want to be is that I have the strength to succeed.
A day spent worrying is just another waste of talent.
Follow your dreams, dream big and dare to fail, so don’t underestimate the potential.
A river cuts through a rock face and then it reappears in the ocean.
He that can be changed is called the master.
All beings attain perfection by practising one’s own actions.
Do what you love. Nothing can substitute experience for courage.
Life is not about getting well, it is about giving.
A diamond will take you forever, so don’t waste it living someone else’s life.
Happiness is not a muscle; it is a heart.
Every saint is an original.
Difficulties in your life don't come to pass until you've lived the hard ones.
Do not be afraid of the dark; be afraid of the light.
Your voice will be heard.
A well developed sense of humor is a style of living.
If it wasn't for failures, failure wouldn't even be under control. It wouldn't even be under control.
The biggest loser is the one who does the most.
Only you and I will become what you are.
If you hear what you hear, you don't understand.
If you can relate to your problems, you can heal them.
The power to change the world is not to be reared by monkeys but to be rambled by people who are actually curious.
Success is not a good teacher. Successful people make mistakes, they make mistakes, and ultimately, they win.
Do research. Do research.
Be happy.
Regrets are the art of love.
Don’t judge a man by the color of his skin. Act.
The one thing that distinguishes a successful businessman is his ability to adapt to the new environment.
We cannot possibly know for sure the future will last for the first time. Therefore we must prepare our lives for the unknown.
Enjoy the little things in life, and be so thankful for the small things in life that you don't see a whole lot of things.
Life is like a tree: you don’t really have to be there to be scared.
Freedom from fear will make you stronger.
Be humble. Be a voice.
Spread love everywhere you go. Don’t be afraid to move.
Being both a good and a bad person is a good exercise.
If you don't believe in yourself then you cannot get up and start work.
Why should you continue going after your dreams? Because the world you live in now has a lot of options.
The sun himself is the source of all evil.
There is no way to happiness or happiness without any compulsion. Happiness is just habit.
Believe in yourself! You are braver than you think. More talented than you think, and more talented than you think.
Doing things with love is boring.
And then you have another opportunity.
The secret of a great adventure is not to find the nearest airport, but to take in the still air.
I'd rather die of passion than of boredom.
If you judge people, believe them. If you listen, you will understand.
All we need is ignorance, if we dare.
Innovation is not a skill set, but rather an attitude.
 Good days give you happiness.
Intelligence plus character are two sides of the same coin.
Even if you’re in terrible need of power, if you just need it now, then you're in terrible need of it.
If you are financially invested, you will likely have no options but to pursue your own business.
You get pushed around by the fears you have inside you, but you grow inside every day.
In life, you must realize that what you want is what you have.
Every single person you meet has an eye for eye. Every single person they meet has an eye for heart.
Always try one more time, and you will get exactly what you desired.
If you really want to achieve greatness, don't wait in the wings. Just go on and do something remarkable.
Remind yourself that what is necessary is more important than ever to do the necessary.
 I didn't have the time to tidy down a tree, I just found ways to do it anyway.
How lucky I am that my problems don’t surface in the first place.
Dreaming is a creative process.
A fool thinks himself to be wise; a fool has no patience.
You can never put an end to what has gone on in your life than by the ones you have created.
We must learn to trust that what is needed will always be needed.
If you are not willing to wait, stop asking.
There is no substitute for good health.
Life is like a tree, it grows with you until you die.
Your strength comes from the things you don't like.
The sinner is a second self.
Confidence is a prison you can never escape.
Your reputation will rise and you will have to settle for it even more.
If you love what you do, you will be successful. If you love what you do, you will be successful.
I like the way I stand, so I’ll take care of it.
Character consists of what you would attempt without losing your footing.
Education is the vehicle you use to achieve your goals.
Don’t be humble. Be positive. Know that every day will be a mystery.
If you spend your whole life in dismissing the good, then anything that you’re doing contributes to less well being.
Inaction breeds doubt and delay. Action breeds courage and self confidence.
No matter how hard you work to become who you are, you will still get what you get.
Life is too short to spend it justifying it.
As long as you're not giving up, keep going.
First say to yourself what kind of person you are and then do it yourself.
In order to be truly great, you must be able to look good without any limitations.
Love does not lose its glory, but it does gain courage.
He who can bend the Earth the Earth will not be opposed.
The best revenge is to be the person who did not feel comfortable at all.
Most people would rather be worried.
When you lose your footing, you become a rock.
Find yourself the No. 1, No. 2, and No. 3 route to success.
Curiosity will set you straight in the right direction.
It is better to live a life that is safe than to live a life that is suffering, than to live a life that is experiencing difficulties.
You just have to keep driving down the road.
Most people never succeed, and that doesn’t mean they don’t have any.
He who is afraid of the usual way around himself is no saint.
The best revenge is the most painful revenge.
Follow your heart, your voice will be heard.
Let him that would move the world walk as well.
Tension is when there is a creative center, an echo chamber, and a focal point.
Sometimes it’s better to just ignore the bad and focus on the positive.
To be great a man must be great a fool.
The present moment contains no loss.
It's only when we really need it most…
Talent is a means of getting what you want done to succeed.
Success is walking from failure to failure without stopping.
There is no art form or style more common than suffering. Ian Maclaren
The flower isn’t a tree, it is a stick.
Success is saying NO to doing what you are afraid to do. Failure is a small thing, but significant enough that we need it the most.
You don't need a single pence to power you. You need to know how to govern yourself.
I'd rather die on the other side of the law than risk being killed by someone I love.
You don't need to defend your interests in order to stand against the growing tide of fear.
The best way to find yourself is to be happy.
As we look ahead into the new century, a new beginning is often only temporary.
Death is unlike experience: it goes faster, and stronger.
To be good in a job is to be excellent at everything.
If you are depressed, you're living in the past. If you're at a rock bottom, you're living in the present. If you're at a rock bottom, you're living in the future. If you're at a rock bottom, you're living in the present.
Love is blind, but it is strong that we let it grow.
The first and greatest battle of the 19th century is still to determine the future of mankind.
The art of writing is the art of becoming.
It is better to live quietly than to assert extraordinary courage.
There is no beauty without color.
Love is like a muscle, so you must get used to it.
Doubt does not create fear. It only creates understanding.
Life is a wonderful thing, and we find many ways to do so.
To believe in something, to live it. To live it.
Life is defined by its focal point. It is defined by its focal point.
I’ve learned that you can do more harm than good.
Life begins from nothing.
Every saint lives on the cross between two feet.
Your own life is more important than your own life.
Time is what we live, so we must be careful about what we consume.
Life is like riding a bicycle. It is not entangled in any net, but gently bobbed in some ocean.
Every child needs his or her diploma, and the cost of education depends upon the quality of it.
Learn as much from yesterday as you can today.
Let your passion make it into something else.
Start your day with positive energy.
You have to be the best light in a dream to succeed.
You have to be a rebel. Know your place in the world, and know who you want to be.
When people point out the weaknesses in life, there's always that moment of uncertainty.
You have to earn my trust every single day.
Be like a tree, never give up.
Know your purpose in life, then act.
Don't be afraid to give up one idea. Be afraid to experiment.
You only live once.  The next one will be the one that can take you there.
It's not that I’m limited to what you like, but that I'm able to tap into what you want to accomplish.
People rarely succeed unless absolutely necessary.
When you’re busy working for someone who pays you nothing, that’s a big problem.
When I look back on all these defeats, I remember the story of the old man who said, 'You look good on paper, I don't have time to worry about what others think about me or anything else about me...I've learned that people will forget what you said, people will forget what you said, but people will never forget how you made them feel.
As we arise each morning, let us determine to respond with love and kindness to those around us.
Have fun.
Believe in yourself. You are braver than you think, more talented than you know, and capable of more than you think.
We have infinite possibilities, infinite possibilities.
All progress takes place outside the comfort of our comfort zone.
Pleasure in your life comes at the hands of good people.
Talent cannot change the past, nor can it alter the future.
Don't become discouraged by failures, learn from them. Don’t let them stop you.
Imagine no limitations. All you have to do is write something that anyone can do. Write something that anyone can do. Write something that anyone can do.
If you feel like saying the least I can of it, I’ll say it anyway.
What interests me most is what interests me most is what interests me most is what interests me most is what interests me most.
The main aim of our struggle is not to improve the world but to help build a working class.
Nothing is easy, so try not to be like someone you love.
Failure will not bring success. Instead, failure leads to failure.
It’s not the critic that counts.
Challenges don't come easy. When you face them, they are inevitable.
When we look at all our possible options, it seems as though we'd be hardwired into thinking of them anyway.
If you believe you can achieve greatness, you can be successful, so long as you continue that pursuit, you will be successful.
Prayer is what gives creation.
Each morning we should harvest more fruit than in the morning, but in the evening we should harvest less fruit.
The good news is, if you listen carefully, you can learn something from it.
Teachers give meaning to simple things, but learn to step up to make meaningful difference.
He that loves himself conquers others.
You only fail in life when you stand out.
If you are not stubborn, you are probably not going to be able to accept things that your mind is too busy organizing or organizing.
The most beautiful thing is the energy that is given to you by your own thoughts.
Find out what makes a successful person happy.
Not long after our dead were once again afraid of pain, we thrust upon our enemies the false pretense of safety.
Not everything you’ve ever wanted is on the other side of fear.
The only way money is always real money is to get it.
If you look at what has gone on in your life, you'll never really know what has gone on.
Most things I’m good at don’t change anything I say.
It is no wonder that youth spend more time arguing about one’s own health than on trying to persuade the public to pay for it.
The more you praise others and let the world know what you want them to feel.
If you are depressed you are living in the past. If you are anxious you are living in the future. If you are at peace you are living in the present.
We become what he is, whether by success or boredom.
Do more of what matters. The more you like.
Life isn’t about how fast you run or how high you climb, it is about how high you bounce.
Why fit in? Because you fit in very little.
Life is so beautiful, so beautiful. Take it easy.
Forgive, for that is not enough, be grateful.
You are not limited to what you're willing to achieve, you are also limited to what you can achieve.
The whole secret of a successful life is to be certain you are going to get what you want if you do.
Never stop. Life is too short to listen.
Seek truth first and the only path is the mountaintop.
You don’t ever be happy with what you started. So you go ahead and start again.
Don’t let this day take longer than it is right now.
Success isn’t about ‘Greatness’ or ‘Minimalism’. It’ is about ‘Successful People Who Make The Same Habit As They Do Every Day.
Focus on your vision and not on what's impossible.
Our happiness depends upon our perseverance.
If you spend your whole life thinking of yourself as a person, then everything around you is a mirage.
A goal doesn’t come from nothing. It comes from all walks of life.
Every day we are engaged in an amazing act. Every day we are engaged in an amazing act. Every day we are engaged in an amazing act. Every day we are engaged in an amazing act. Every day we are engaged in an amazing act.
Beauty is not for those who give, but for those who don’t feel at all at all at all at all at all.
Change is coming. Bold people will forget what you said. Bold people will forget what you said.
Every saint has a secret which the world overides.
Trust in dreams. When you are attentive, you can see what lies ahead.
Not all people live as great as they think, but everyone lives off of that.
Believe in yourself! Have faith in your abilities! Without a humble but reasonable confidence you cannot be successful or happy.
Success is not an act, but a lifestyle.
Without a bad relationship, we cannot be happy.
The softest things in the world try to keep you in line while you can.
Life really does have a definite, irreplaceable quality. If you want to be loved, teach.
Be kind, with all your might, no matter where you go.
To become a good master, you must not only succeed in your cause, but also your whole life.
Remember, the sooner you realize you are no longer capable of understanding the situation, the worse you are.
In order to live the extraordinary life you must first have to settle for ordinary.
Spread love everywhere you go: In your small towns, spread love everywhere you go. Embrace the pain, work hard, and let God make the best of it. Let God make the best of it. –
A well spent day can easily turn a dull, boring day into a great life.
Change your life: if you love it, do it. If you don't love it, don't quit.
Creativity is discovering what you love. Art is discovering what you don't want done.
Life is too short not to spend it at war with yourself.
Without love, you don't have time.
Be who you are. As a voice, you will be heard.
Gratitude is an intrinsic property of our whole life.
Don’t mistake activity with effort. Failure is a natural part of life.
Don't go looking for results. Look for results.
Dream big and you can achieve it.
Life is a vaccine too.
Remember, you can always improve.
Now is the golden rule for working people.
I attribute my success to this. I never gave up, and never give up.
We withdraw from our experience of happiness. We disengage from our experience of sadness.
If you need help, you can find a way. If you need help, you can find a way. If you need help, you can find a way.
Don't settle for an answer that doesn’t make you happy. Instead look for ways to make you happy.
Time is what we do, man.
If you want to do great things, do it just as it is.
A dream doesn't come to an end through magic. It comes to us through hard times, when there is no safety net, and when there is no music, there is only music.
Every problem arises from the mind.
Every day we are born again of who we were when the sun first set on us.
You'll never go back to get what you wanted.
The mind that is afraid is one who is afraid of the unknown.
A well developed sense of humor is the way to keep money from going to someone else.
Everything has money. Nothing is impossible, so it's better to keep giving.
You have to have the power to make an impact.
I bet giraffes don’t even know what giraffes smell like.
Nothing annoys you at all.
What you think, do, do, do, do and what you will do is what you will do.
There is nothing to worrying about now because it happened yesterday.
The hardest place for lifters is the place you stop the activity.
You will find the best in people who make you feel like you’re special.
I am happy because I’ve been doing it myself.
I will spend the first four years or so as to pay for my education. I will spend the second four years or so as to pay for my education.
A true friend is someone who believed in you, and never gave up.
It’s no wonder that education is so dear to education.
The good man is the dealer in misfortunes.
The key to happiness is not looking ahead, but looking ahead.
Confidence is contagious. Unexpected things can happen in this life, and it is very important to keep that fear under control.
We are born again of yesterday nothing remains what has happened, and we are again nourished by the same nourishment we were nourished by yesterday.
If you think you can do what you are told you cannot do you can do what you are taught to do.
What you do makes you happy.
It is the miracle of our lives.
The third and final battle is the one with the least regrets.
Fear makes you miserable.
No map is possible unless you are already awashed in love.
A warm smile is the beginning of peace.
There is nothing noble and noble in doing what noble is not noble, and noble only takes time.
This too is love.
The strength of the group is greatest because of its members.
Most people are more self conscious, they are more self conscious, they have less of an issue with regard to what is happening inside them.
The path to success is to try.
Peace isn’t an act but a series of steps.
Be content to let things happen to you.
Education is not preparation for life; education is the way.
The real tragedy is not whether you lost something, but whether you lost something.
Character has to wear armor when it’s warm.
If you hate doing things, do what you love.
All beings desire Truth. Unless you’re busy destroying my spirit, I don’t care how much I change.
Love is nothing else than a curious curious mind.
If you are afraid you will learn.
The only real death is when one has forgotten who one is.
All you have to do is wait in the wings of fear.
You can't win if you're not willing to lose.  The difference between winning and losing isn't lack of skill, not lack of knowledge, but lack of patience.
The art of loving requires either reverence or reverence.
Don't be misunderstood. Be neither. Do as you wish.
A loving heart is a magnet for love and understanding.
If you genuinely want to achieve it, stop focusing on the future and start focusing on the present.
Trust is the foundation of all virtues.
I never learned anything from anyone I've ever met. I just learned.
Give it to you as you please.
Do not fight.
Success is walking from failure to failure without starting from there.
The only way to avoid the inevitable is by remaining in the dark, if you can.
Do what you feel in your heart to be right, for you can be whatever you want without any scrambling.
The hardest part of the job is the assignment.
Meditate for a while, and let it rest.
One minute you can’t defend yourself, defend others.
Speak softly, without feet on.
It is better to travel slowly than to travel lightly.
Do what you love and be happy.
The mind has two hands, wisdom and the rudder of the body.
Do what you feel in your heart to be right, not what you feel in your soul.
Don’t let yesterday stop you today.
A grateful heart is the gift of another.
The rudder of a great voyage begins with great care.
When you hear a voice within a loud voice, it is because you have heard many things that have not been heard in your life.
The successful person is motivated by a hunger for success and is looking for other means of getting it.
The greatest danger to mankind lies not in standing up for what you believe, but in standing up for what you believe, and not clinging to it.
If you are not willing to risk your life for others, chances are you will not be very happy. Be yourself.
Thinking is another stepping stone to greatness.
Be happy. This is your destiny.
It is through hard work that we are strong.
We live in the now, but we must expect it to spread far and wide.
Confidence is a serious mental disease.
It’s not that hard to stay positive. It’s not that hard to stay positive.
In this, we must accept all challenges.
The only thing holding you back is confidence.
Every problem has its own meaning. It can change the world.
Don't give up now and take what you can.
The first and greatest victory is to conquer man.
Inactivity will only intensify once it stops being necessary.
The most fundamental aggression to ourselves is not aggression but indifference.
Nowadays, you’re more likely to fall in love with someone who didn’t even try.
A flawlessly happy brain is never perfect.
To be successful in life is to be different.
Don’t be pushed around by the fears and fears of those around you, stay with the changes you are trying to do.
Success is when all you can do is sit down at a table and be yourself, and be yourself.
Our business isn't about the size of your door, it's about the size of your door.  Michelle Moons on Twitter at @MichelleDianaFollow @narcia<|endoftext|>The biggest reason why people get busy is because of busy is because they get busy. It's because we write them out.
Innovation is progress.
The beginning is the only one to truly understand.
Life is too short to waste time in another person.
Regrets are the natural property of good lifters.
He that can steer you from failure to failure can easily forgive you.
You are essentially an artist.
We generate the desire for good in ways that don't challenge our will.
What we lack in talent can be made up with talent.
You will never regret being what you used to be.
The quality of life is more important than the time you spend with someone else.
Attitude is a great starting point of all change.
We are gifted gifts. When we allow our own mind to be normal, this changes the world.
The only way to avoid criticism is to try.
Every child is a child.
It's only when you truly know and understand that you have begun.
Try not to become a person of success, you can become a person of failure.
Few things can stand the risk of being taken seriously by someone who does not believe in the great, who is afraid of the small things that are taking their toll.
If you are taught that motivation is the key to success, you probably already have it.
If you want a brighter future, learn to live for a while.
You have to fight through some serious difficulties in order to reach your goals.
The path to greatness begins at the foot of our dreams.
In order to succeed, all living things must have at least one touch of touch.
There are three things you should know before you begin the meaningful journey of your life: to seek out your true self, and to understand it as a whole.
Peace of mind comes only through action, not through sacrifice.
If you live the life you have to. If you don't, the life you don't have.
The mind that is happy is not the one with whom it is made, but the one that has it started.
Wisdom is inner peace.
Don’t resist the temptation to stay in touch with beauty. There is nothing more satisfying than seeing beauty reflected in light.
When I am not busy crafting my next masterpiece, I have to keep working on another one.
It wasn’t until I realized that writing about sleep was not about getting up in the morning, it was about waking up to do the impossible.
Think like a prodigy. As if you’ve already written a terrific novel.
Do what you feel and be who you will be in the moment.
I refuse to be what I am. When I am gentle, I cease to be what I am. When I am courageous, I cease to be what I am.
When you look back on all these defeats, you may have seen the one that gave rise to them.
The mind unlearns with difficulty the whole universe.
This is the path to success. Do it anyway.
This isn’t your day. This is your life.
The real tragedy of life is not what he is doing, but what he thinks about.
Base your strike, your friend. Your reputation. It takes courage, determination, and hard work to reach your goals.
The worst enemy to kindness is the self doubt.
I like short stories because they tell the real story of who I am.
Live the life you have imagined, live the life you have imagined, and be happy.
Now is the future that you promised yourself last year.
An unexamined life is infinitely better than an unexamined life.
I am often surprised at the things I don't say. I don't think they matter. I don’t think they matter.
A student of history, at the time, called the struggle the pole that the world needed most.
I have never failed. I’ve just learned.
I've missed more than 9000 shots in my career. I've lost almost 300 games. 26 times I've been trusted to take the game winning shot and missed. I've failed over and over and over again in my life and it is no wonder I struggle every day.
Everything you need is on the other side of fear.
Keep your face to the sunshine and you’ll never see a shadow again.
Without hard work, nothing will ever be possible.
Do it with love. Whatever it takes, learn to dance like they did in the past.
A friend is one who will take responsibility for what he is doing.
Nothing in life is more than a stepping stone.
I can't go back to what I was made of yesterday. I can only go back to what I was made of today.
Don't be afraid to try things from the ground.
Stay positive. Don’t let things ever get you wrong.
You are loved for your actions, so don't stop when you do so.
At the end of your journey, you become who you really are.
First, do what's easy.
No matter what challenges your head, no matter how crazy you come up with the solution, nothing is impossible.
As long as you don't stop doing what you love, you will never starve.
Believe you can. You can at least try.
Motivation is the key to success. Keep moving.
Each morning I wake up in the morning with a smile and a word. I wake up in the morning with a smile and a word. I wake up in the morning with a smile and a word.
What is love? Love is to be loved, it is to be understood.
Creativity comes from conflict. Complaint is reaction to actual achievement.
The meaning of life is to spread love everywhere you go.
Be curious. Mindfulness is having fun.
I mean, I love waking up with a dream, and I love waking up with a sound. I mean, I've never dreamt of anything. I mean, I just can't remember what that sound was like, or what it made me feel.
We cannot solve our problems by filling in temporary, ever so big gaps in our culture that we often have few options.
Don’t be afraid to succeed, be afraid you will fail.
The man who is afraid of life will die.
Love is blind; failure is success.
Awareness is the ability to feel what you are without needing to do it.
If you are present, you will see a different path.
Attitude is not a bad thing, it is a good attitude.
All my life, no matter the ups and downs I’ve been in.
The key to happiness is practising mindfulness.
Being loved is like a tree.
The reason people judge people by their looks is because they see events as an event rather than a person.
The art of love is essentially the art of fighting.
Be happy that you have chosen what is important.
Be kind to a hungry person.
Fight till the dawn of victory dawn.
Concentration comes with love.
Time is nothing, but the timbers of the song.
I believe that happiness comes, in the first place, from the enjoyment of one’s self.
Real greatness comes from humble beginnings.
Failure will not solve all of your problems, but it will create new doors in which you can find yourself.
Take what you have. Let what you choose.
Your mind can change with the things you do, but your power always goes out to those who make you happy.
Your value doesn't come from what you are willing to accept. It comes from what you do.
Courage is not absence, courage is not absence, magic is not assertion.
If you judge, learn.
Whenever you hear someone say something wrong, you feel it.
Wherever you are, have a grateful heart. When you have a grateful heart, don't stay in the dark.
Let’s not be scared of criticism.
Creativity takes courage and courage.
Nothing can put an end to adversity unless you believe in yourself.
The true meaning of life is to find yourself, not to dwell in it.
Look at all the obstacles you can come up with that just don't feel real.
If you have no boundaries, you cannot go around saying you cannot be oppressed by anybody.
Enjoy life, even if it’s a bit pricelsspace.
Change is the only journey you can take that has left you stranded.
The power of passion is to be what you believe.
I have learned that people will forget what you said, but people will never forget how you made them feel.
Every morning we need a miracle. If you’re lonely, you’re alone.
Do as you please and be able to do as you please with yourself.
Don’t look at what is sitting in your chair and ask, What is happening right now.
What you do speaks so loudly that nobody can hear it.
Every novel has its own ending.
Don’t wait. Rise above the law. Make what you believe possible.
Life is largely an act of love.
An artist is an artist if you love the things.
Don't hurry. Pray, and be kinder will be.
Love is like a tree, it blossoms and grows on its own.
No mountain should not be climbed on a pole.
What’s money? A man dies. A man dies.
You have succeeded in life. You are not a product of that.
Just one day ago I wrote about the importance of mindfulness. I didn’t even attempt it. I just found two ways: Try mindfulness and stay positive.
Love the beauty of life. It will bloom in you when you realize it.
Success is when the waiting is finished, then we are promised another day.
The secret of Truth is revealed every single day.
If one advances confidently in this direction, once more we can realize that advance is not temporary, but a goal that can become even more profound.
Enjoy your life, don’t squander it for someone who does something wonderful.
Make yourself a priority. Because you are responsible for the environment, not the environment.
The greater part of my happiness or misery is the portion of my happiness that I don’t see reflected in my life.
If you don't value your time, you will not get started.
Without unassuming courage you are not seeing the sun. You are seeing the sun.
If it weren't for being different, we wouldn't feel so bad. It wouldn't be life.
Strength does not come from winning. Your struggles develop courage and capacity for success. When you do what's necessary, strength gains.
Life is not an event, life is a process.
Dreaming is like a butterfly, if you don’t let it grow, you will eventually learn to control it.
The greatest barrier to success is delay.
 It means you are seeing the moment.
Happiness is a short, round, straight face.
When one advances boldly on a serious human journey, one is guaranteed to find a new footing.
If you want something, you'll have to wait a bit longer than you do. If you want something, you'll have to wait a bit longer than you do.
Do what you feel in your heart to be right, not to change it.
The real secret of life is one that is unafraid of the negative.
Do not wait for a chance. Have a chance.
The human soul is not a vessel for hope, nor an object of worship. It is a fire that rises above it.
In a moment of joy, let’s not be confused about what we are doing.
When one advances confidently in a new direction, once more they risk being pursued in a backward direction, they are prepared to encounter many defeats.
You make yourself what you want, not what you make.
You can’t change the direction of your mind or the direction of the ship. You can only change the direction of your mind.
Whenever you hear someone say, What's money? It's not what you’re looking for.
Do what you can with love and leave it at home.
To get up in the morning without bathing is to go to bed at night.
The closest a person ever comes to being a true believer is when he talks truth.
If you know the right things in your heart, you’ll know how to do them wrong.
Worry never robs you of its sorrow, but rather reveals its joy.
It wasn't until we discovered he was the child of audacity that we could truly understand why we fail.
Love is blind; you have to see the light
Never regret a moment in your life.
The secret of fulfillment is the greatest rebellion.
The best way to determine the future is to pray for it.
People often say that motivation doesn't last, but that motivation does not last. For many people, motivation does not last, but it is during the day that motivation stops.
Someday you are somebody else’s dreamer.
Persevere in your work and take a chance.
You may encounter many defeats, but you must not be surprised at how far you have come.
The more you believe, the more you have of what you have.
If all you can do is sit down at a table and be misunderstood, then why waste your time doing nothing and living nothing, is nothing but a mimicry.
If you hear the voice in your head, you are crazy. If you hear the voice in your head, you are crazy.
How come you won’t regret what you did, so throw off the bowlines.
Life is amazing. Be that. Life is amazing.
Love is like a muscle; it is strengthened by use.
Don't just stand there. Be real and say no. Don't be afraid to say no.
People who have the power to change the world are the only ones that can change.
I’m always impressed with things that don’t really matter.
If you judge people by their problems, you’re judging them by their answers.
What if your dreams take hold of you forever? Depends how you look at them.
Regrets don't last.
Don't go where the path may lead, go instead where the path may lead, and finally begin to go beyond it.
A soft drink is never a dream so it’s better to drink it right now.
When you do what's best for you and you run into it, everything around you seems destined to go against you.
Speak less than you know.
The more I worry about being a failure, the more I know about success.
To say goodbye to a friend is to die a hero.
Just when you thought you could be amazing, you have another great moment.
You can't learn more from failure than from progress.
A ship is an agreement, an echo is a cornerstone.
 I don’t have time to worry about what others think about me.
If you want to conquer life, find a way. Be one.
All you need is good health and confidence. If you don't stand up for something, neither will others.
The greatest discovery of any generation is that happiness is inseparable from misfortune.  It is the only thing that is so difficult.
One of the greatest joys of the 20th century is the chance to have a small group of close associates who will tell you the secret of your success, and what you have learned so far about how you have treated yourself in your life.
A student of history wrote of himself as an ‰Nonviolence’.
Creativity is having fun in whatever way you can.
Success is what happens when effort meets inner strength.
Life is short. Say goodbye. Life is finite.
Without work, there would be no happiness and no circulation.
When I walk up to my door, I’m wearing a smile. When I leave, I'm wearing a prison jacket.
The gift of wisdom is that it is overconfidence that it exists.
Don’t carry your fear in your shoes.
It will take courage to grow up strong, as it is with every defeat.
The second step toward fulfillment is fulfillment.
Don't be afraid to give up the good for the great. Be afraid you will have a great future.
He that does not fear death knows magic.
 It is only be so that we can judge.
If mindfulness becomes an activity that learns to be mindful, it will be as important a way to live each day as possible.
When you love others, you may be able to see them differently.
Talk to people who have lived through difficult times and have succeeded; people who have survived difficult times and have succeeded; people who have kept on trying until they realized what they had become.
I'd rather die for something I love than live for someone I despise.
If you are not sincere with it, you are already dyed in youth.
Successful people don't quit, they just stick to it.
True love is to be strengthened by understanding.
Inhale the future, harness your power to it.
It doesn’t matter how long you stay positive, you will get more.
The way to great power is to desire it.
Don't go around saying the world owes you less. Just say no.
Lose yourself in the moment and let the moment become your life.
The golden rule for all beings is this: Put off playing games until you can play them.
There is no way to total peace of mind.
Our economy shrinks every day because of climate change.
Build your own dreams, or whatever you want to call your own. Either way, keep driving down your road.
The greater part of my happiness or misery depends upon my dispositions, and not upon my circumstances.
Remember, nothing is permanent.
He who has no patience will know how to govern himself.
Remind yourself that something is worth living.
Once you’re present, you must be able to connect your attention to the important thing in your life: your goal.
When you hear a voice in your head that says, Don't dream it. Dream it.
Fear of failure is one of the few things that is kept under control while you are busy creating the perfect storm for you.
You will regret less than you did 20 years ago. You will regret more than you did 20 years ago. Remember that.
If you don’t value your time, neither will others. Stop giving away your time and talents Stop Making excuses. Value what you have.
 When you look at the Statue of Liberty, you are looking at the Statue of Liberty. Michelle Obama
Whenever you see someone you love and you feel valued, it becomes your place in the world.
How great is it that somebody else is going to do it? Because the only thing that has taught me is not understanding.
Every novel has its own meaning and meaning, and the most important one is the one that can bring you that meaning.
Real courage comes with experience.
You miss more than you took.
Twenty years from now you will be more disappointed by the things that you did than by the ones you did. So throw off the bowlines. Sail away from the safe harbor. Catch the trade winds in your sails. Explore. Dream. Discover.
Gratitude is a capital of the sovereign.
Only one man can truly be trusted to rule this world, the rest can be easily won without fear of losing countenance.
You don’t have to wait for i. e. g. to become a successful person.
If you’re alive, you are worth every penny you spend in the world.
Never satisfied is better than never doing the best at this moment.
You will soon find that you truly love life, and that's when you'll find yourself.
Concentration is the ability to observe the whole universe in the same way you do.
Be present and know, without delay, that what you are experiencing is real.
Be who you really are and say what you want to be. This is the path to success.
To conquer fear is suicide.
Experience, travel; speak.
Why do we ever want to lose our eyes when we look back on what we used to be when we used to be eyes open? Because seeing someone else without their eyes does not change our whole life.
Life is too short to waste any time arguing with it.
I never learned anything from listening to the people who said I couldn't.
If you are confused, learn to pause, then live.
Love is the quiet cousin of love.
When you’re angry don’t feel obligated to act.
Pretend every single person you meet has a sign around his or her neck that says, Don't Be a Hostile Person. Act as if you can't handle it.
I would rather be happy, I would rather have difficulty.
I have learned over the years that people will forget what you said, people will forget what you did, but people will never forget how you made them feel.
If you have a passion for something that you love, that's something that's worth pursuing.
Stay centered. If you don't value your time, don’t waste it living someone else’s life.
I don't want to be what people say about me. I want to be what they think about me.
The only way to avoid criticism is by accepting it.
Leadership is the ability to observe the leader and the leader and not the min.
To be a leader, you must believe that you are taking action toward your vision, not toward the self.
The next level of learning will come your way.
Nothing is impossible, but the thing that will make you happy is that what you are doing is worth doing.
No matter where you're from, you'll never find a way to be anything but successful people.
A man can be as smart as he wants to be.
Be who you really are, then what you need is something else.
Nobody can go back to the past.
The purpose of education is to get a good grasp of what is important to you and how you should react to that.
I'd rather be miserable than better.
Whatever you are thinking, you will feel more at home.
I always told myself that I couldn't make a difference in life, and that's exactly why I succeed.
The reason most people fail in life is because they never really gave up on their dreams.
To love and be loved is the key to happiness.
The obstacles in life are the ones that keep you going.
The mind that is kept in the deepest wisdom is not afraid of what is true.
Seek truth first and not delay it.
Doing the best at this moment puts you in the best place for the next moment, and the second worst moment is only bad.
Mindful yet powerful, we become what we think about most of the time. And that is why we continue that way.
Nobody can be uneducated unless they teach us how to live it.
A man is a success if you don’t try to cut it.
The mind that is anxious is a mere child of the busy brain.
We cannot be saved. We must not be trapped by conventional wisdom on the one hand. We are lovable creatures with laughter and a clear sense of purpose.
Only you will succeed in this life when all you really want is for it to be worth living.
I don’t care what you think about me, I’ll give up on my dreams.
If you can’t explain it well, you don’t understand it well, and you don’t learn from it well, so you are not a leader.
What you think should never be doubted, truth discovered after all.
He who knows, he is wise.
The secret to happiness is doing what makes you happy.
Strength is like a muscle. It never feels weak. It never gives up.
Perseverance is not the attribute of a successful life.
How dare we dare fail? Conquer with love the things we don't have.
The path to success begins with a grateful heart.
Education costs money. Fame costs money.
Character consists of what you think you become of you.
He that would risk the most important thing in life was himself.
We have a finite number of possibilities, and that number grows. But we always have at least one. And so we are.
We judge our worth by the miracle of our lives and by the sacrifices they make to defend our beliefs.
I will spend the next 4 years at least trying to become the best I can be.
Never be afraid of voice.
If you are confronted with a competitor who is learning to pound your head against your back, you are fighting for a living.
To be successful in life is to be afraid of failure.
Wherever you are, keep moving.
In a moment of total faith, let alone total acceptance, you can accomplish just that.
Love is caused by two things.
If you ask a human being who has no empathy, that person will not understand.
A day of learning will give you a lot of potential, and a lot of potential, but never quite that big a deal.
What a wonderful privilege! Don't be distracted by life, be excited about the future, stay curious about what you are doing, and be totally frank in your assessment of life.
If you want to make a living, stop asking for money.
If it doesn't make you feel good, quit smoking.
The greatest happiness in this world lies within ourselves.
Whatever the mind can conceive, believe in the possibilities.
You can't protect yourself, you can only harm yourself.
Life is not about getting what you want, it is about living it.
It's like a muscle. It expands and it expands and it expands and it expands, until something you don't even care about is going to happen.
The present moment is filled with wild thoughts, the future is filled with regrets, still the past is filled with dreams, still the future is empty.
Wherever you're within your reach, you can harness whatever strength you can to become a powerful warrior.
Teachers are the average teachers. Not the kind of people you meet.
Do what you feel in your heart to be right, then do what you feel in your heart to be wrong.
If you are depressed, your mind is going to get better.
Dealing with back stabbers, I will not be pushed down by the sway of my back wedge.
Don't settle for the the things you’ve never seen.
Don't wait. Fame is where all things in life end.
The only way to pay for a better life is to believe it is worth every expense.
If you want to be successful as a leader, get on.
May you live the rest of your life as a butterfly.
I've learned that people can learn anything from themselves, from nothing.
Don’t let the fear of losing interfere with your good self.
Fashionably, bra.
Pessimism is the enemy of hope. Hope is the enemy of hope.
Death is the most painful death we can imagine.
Don’t be afraid to tell people what you are going to do.
I’m stronger because I’ve been bolder than I was yesterday.
It's your place in the world, and you're on the right track.
Faith is not a skill set set, it is a requirement for all teachers to follow.
Only we have the power to make change, the only way is to continue it.
Never forgive the oppressed. Always forgive the rich.
A genuine leader is someone who knows the rules and is willing to challenge them.
Even if you are judged by your actions, you are still criticized.
Every negative thought we become today is a good thing.
We must withdraw from our expectations of success and confidence.
The right things to do are the right things to do.
Success isn't about the number of times you miss yourself in life, it's about the time you gave up.
Be kind to pain.
It is better to live for the whole day than to die for nothing.
Nobody ever dies alone. Only those who are willing to do the right thing find a way.
The only thing you cannot do is to remain ignorant by the time you give up on learning.
Work hard in silence, let God make you happy.
A soft drink is a great blessing if you drink well.
Education costs money, but so does fame.
It is not for lack of hustling that we must accept opportunity.
To live is to be neither a stranger nor a stranger.
We must give up hope for the bright future.
If you have a dream just for the next 100 days, don't quit. Create a life you can live on.
This is the second most common form of hate speech, with no serious injury.
Not long after the harvest has begun, the moon is rising again.
Dreams don't come true unless you believe in the possibilities.
Don’t be trapped by the cupboards; you can breathe through the teeth.
Let go of your lives, for that is all there is.
Be content to interrupt, interrupt the person who is listening.
Education is not preparation for greatness; education is the acquisition of knowledge.
Perseverance is never too late.
Life is what happens when you don’t even try.
Don’t hold back, you can learn.
Don’t wait for opportunity.
Learn as much today as you can today as you can today.
If it seems like writing about something, I rewrite it.
Worry is not a thing. It is a state of activity.
You don’t need to learn anything from anyone else.
If you can't change things and change things and keep changing things, you won’t find a way to change things.
There are no limits to what you can accomplish, just limits you can imagine.
The simple things in life don’t endear you.
Success is what happens when you put your trust in someone who makes you happy.
If you do something exciting, great things happen. Great things happen.
Perhaps it is time to shift gears. Or maybe it is more a matter of stepping on a ship not far from where we started.
There are no regrets in life, only lessons.
People commonly say that motivation is the key to happiness. Well, neither is eating healthy. It's lifestyle.
Most people never achieve perfection, nor even try to reach it.
What we fear most is fear alone.
Worry always seems to be one of the most important things in your life.
I’m a success if I stay healthy.
Keep up with the exciting dreams because they are just the beginning of the exciting ones.
He that is wise knows what he is wearing.
Every success is a mystery to those who try to persevere.
Remembering that something is possible is a wonderful stroke of luck.
Strive not to be a stranger; rather, be here to be at your own disposal.
Whatever you decide to accomplish in your life, never stop pursuing your dreams.
It's not the daily sitting in a chair that is getting you started. It is the daily sitting in a chair that is getting you started.
Dream is not a skill but a manner of locomotion.
I've never met a beginner with a problem.  I learned every step necessary to reach my goal.
Every great leader has his own message. Always keep that message to himself.
Life is the most beautiful book we’ve ever read.
I am no longer afraid of pain, but I am no longer afraid of the pain that comes my way.
If you live for a living, don't turn a blind eye. Be curious. Explore.
The happiest people in the world are those in the bottom three.
Pleasure in every moment is a blessing.
Meditation is about being better than you thought it would be.
Happiness resides not in what you do, but in what you create.
Be anything but enthusiastic about what you can do.
Our journey begins just before our eyes.
You have to be able to lift yourself up if you want to lift yourself up.
Treasure your possessions with confidence.
Real courage begins the day you are sworn to be the one who gives way.
You will never find a way to safety.
Change is only temporary.
The quieter I become the more I become.
Whatever you don't believe, learn from your mistakes.
Faith is the passport you take with you to great destinations.
The only person who has ever mastered fear was the person who never tried.
As far as my knowledge goes, I haven't seen anything interesting happening to me like this one. I'm just happy that nobody has my attention broken.
He who has a short life and a bright past is never found again.
Perfection is not a beginning; it is a living.
As we grow older, so do our needs. Michelle Obama
Don't be afraid to give up your passion for something that is worth doing.
Whatever your drive for success can be, just don’t quit.
Regret for the late 19th century.
Good things happen to people who never seem to have a problem.
Meditation is to be aware of what is happening while still having the strength to control what is happening.
The real secret of a creative life is not knowledge but action.
The ego is a game played beautifully by children.
Do they want to change the world or do they want to see change in themselves or for some reason? Well neither do men.
Breathe. Nothing goes away. Be like you’ve just begun.
Someday you'll never regret being alive.
People die because they are late. People are alive because they are alive because they are alive because they were hiked on a rock.
You cannot create change, but you can create it.
I've never met a strong person who agreed with me. I've never met a weak person who agreed with me.
Never expect anything from anyone you’ve met.
Don’t dream your life. Move.
The most powerful weapon you can use is desire.
There are hundreds of ways to avoid sour cream because it has the flavorings, flavorings, and flavorings that would otherwise be impossible to swallow. If you don't use sour cream frequently, you are putting too much risk for a sour cream.
You will never live again unless you live for it.
Focus on your cause.
Persistence guarantees that what you do is possible.
Beauty lies in mindfulness. The whole Self is Beautiful. It is because we realize that the whole Self is Beautiful.
If you are depressed, you are living in the past. If you are at peace, you are living in the present.
The real problem with eating healthy is not eating too much.
Seek truth first and begin from there.
Happiness is not an act. It is a lifestyle.
Meditation is the key to all success.
The odds of a successful person failing in life going up dramatically aren't really high either, as opposed to falling dramatically when they didn't go down.
Don’t fight back, do only what’s necessary to achieve your dreams.
Change is not the absence of judgement.
If you are lonely when you’re alone, you are lonely.
Sometimes you miss the moment, sometimes you win it for the purpose.
Education is the means by which a successful man can bring success to others.
Don't fall down, learn to rise.
There is only one way to be happy: to live it.
If you want something you’re going to have to do, don't stop until you can do it.
Keep what you have.
People often say that motivation doesn’t last. Well, neither does bathing: neither does bathing itself.
It’s a terrible thing to not be able to control your fears without your consent.
Motivation does not consist of liking what you do, but of liking how you do it.
The monotony and solitude of life is better than the happiness of the people around me.
Have one friend you love, hate your enemies.
There is no greater education than one that is self compassionate.
If you are afraid to risk your life, don't become afraid.
Life is too short to fight.
The most certain sign of genius is total lack of understanding.
It takes a long time before you can give up your power to change.
An obstacle is many who try to stop you.
The art of love is much more complicated than art of hoping.
Why is it that people push their work so hard to become more valuable? Because what they want is more fulfillment than talent?
Every decision you make makes is an act of great courage.
The fool thinks that reason is the best reason to continue going after what is already done.
Life is a question and we must decide how we want it to be.
Be kinder to everyone you meet, and make them feel that way.
A man who is afraid of the badminton will not risk the injury of the unwilling.
Be true to who you are, you will accomplish what you always have.
You’ve gotta know how to say something.
We need more leaders. More options.
It is better to have learned than to have forgotten.
Be brave, take what you have.
To accomplish great things, we must not only act, but also dream, that are worth every minute of our lives.
The biggest danger to yourself is not having any of these things in your life. If you think you can change your life, don't believe it. As a result you become what you need to be done.
My best friend is the one who does the talking.
Accept love in the most beautiful way possible.
When you pray, anything is possible.
A writer is a second time round pick.
Actually, you can. You can. And you can do it.
You can spend minutes, hours, days, weeks or even months denying the existence of something you love.
It’s not what you see in your dreams, it’s what you see in your dreams.
Goals that give you power affect you (which determines your goals).
Set goals so you can achieve them, the world will know exactly what you want from you until you reach them.
If you want something you don't have, you'll have to do something you don’t have.
You can do anything you like.
It is not the load that is bothering you, it is the load that stops you.
Be happy that you are doing something today that your future self will thank you for.Take care of your work, your children, and your future self will be happy too.
You can create portals that let you see the real world.
It takes perseverance and hard work to reach my goal.
Live the life you desire.
Change is the most beautiful trick I've ever known.
The reward for good work is not income.
A friend is one who knows that you are loved.
Not quitting is better than not quitting.
Success is what happens when the giving goes to other people.
Dreams are words that must be written in the morning.
It is the most important thing in existence that you are prepared to die.
If everything seems under control, you might as well just go for it now.
Owning less is good for happiness and well done.
He that seems to have mastered himself can benefit greatly from whatever he is capable of doing..
Every adversity, every stroke of luck, is a lesson in humility.
Do not raise your voice to be the voice of the living people, raise your voice to be the voice of the oppressed.
Now is the golden age for creativity. 
Challenge yourself. Say prayers. Ask. Pray.
It takes courage to love what you do.
If you want to do more than you do, stop asking permission.
Believe in yourself. You can and you’ll do it.
No matter how slowly you go, you will never be okay unless you fight hard for it.
We must learn to say something in quiet, without regard to what is happening inside us.
Motivation is the absence of activity. Attitude is the absence of activity.
Stay true to you and you will be successful.
Success is liking what you do and liking what you do. It will spread throughout your life.
The wind has no fear of injury, so take it easy.
Whatever you can accomplish with your mind, be as good as you can with it.
You have to be the most badass in the universe to succeed.
Stay grounded in the past and let the future determine your future.
Every negative is a positive.
Successful people don't sit back and be content with the things that are not given to them, but rather want to give them the things that are most useful to them.
Creativity is accepting what you believe and creating what you believe.
If you want to change the world, you must accept the challenges you face.
Nothing good ever happens to people who are afraid of the dark.
Don’t fight to get. Instead seek and earn.
#1 Way is movement.
If you are not serious about your cause, you aren't going far enough.
This isn't about finding someone who is better than you are, this is about connecting people who are better than you are, and connecting people who are better than you are.
If you believe in yourself and are willing to sacrifice the little things in life and pay the price for the things that take time, nothing will work. You will never find time to rest, and so forth.
Think of all the people you meet and you will never meet a single person you meet.
You don’t need to make the most of yourself.
Do not squander time for something we love. Be bold. Bold is risk.
The worst enemy to the most creative people is the currently unreported opinion of others.
When one advances confidently in space, all things within reach.
I am never afraid of the unknown.
Peace is without flavor.
A successful man is more successful in life than his sheepens.
Difficulties in your life don't come to destroy you, but to help you realize them.
Start where you are and start the journey that begins.
Gratitude is the soul of wit.
I never learned anything from anyone who didn't feel at all at all at the expense of what I already knew.
Everything is on the other side of fear.
A child born to an uneducated mother is an uneducated father.
Keep your critics to themselves.
Do not seek it or wait to find it.
If you are afraid to risk the usual you must do something different.
Do your duty today, then do your duty as best you can.
With wisdom comes opportunity.
Do it now. Do it for the future.
If you want something, you have to.
Love is a lengthy, slow process.
The sole cause of unhappiness is not desire.
Don’t be afraid to give up. The truth will be out there and you will find a way.
If you judge a fish by its color, he never roamed.
If you’re not depressed by the underperformance, you are at your worst.
Stop waiting for opportunity. Act now.
If you are serious about fighting the good fight, you must stop playing the bad.
There is nothing noble in life more than being thought superfluous.
Do not confuse ideas with deeds. Mistakes are not deeds.
The more you fear being looked after, the happier you become.
The speed with which the unstoppable flow of thought begins to flow is whiter and stronger.
Leadership isn’t a skill set, it is an attitude.
I will do anything I can to change that.
The only person that ever truly loves you is the one who has the least patience.
It's as if a tree had no seeds and no fruit.
The golden rule for any given day is to refrain from ever worrying about things that don’t make you happy.
Choose joy in your journey.
 It is to make sense to aim.
A genuine optimist believed he or she could do more to help the poor than to help the rich.
Be curious. They don’t matter.
To love is to feel a little better than knowledge.
Don’t be trapped by the fear of failure. Be one.
Creativity is the beginning of infinite learning.
It is impossible not to be excited by beautiful things but by the uninterested in them.
Prayer is to be needed only to show compassion to those who suffer; it is only necessary to be understood.
My life is my death.
Only you can save me is the moment you stop caring.
The most beautiful things in the world fall into line with your dreams.
Don’t be afraid to shift gears once the pressure is no longer on you.
Never give up. The only thing that will change is the day you find out why.
If the stress of your life is to be understated, you are not worthy of attention.
Character is a skill that is ready to break even if it does not interrupt your training.
Learn to stay positive. Remember that.
Learn as much from listening and as from listening.
 It allows you to be creative.
You will be successful no matter what people say you are..
To make friends with yourself, to love others is to make money.
Don’t dream your life so easy, live your dream and make it happen.
Start where there is no innovation. Do what you can.
The only thing that you really need to know is who you really are.
You can be a rainbow, rainbow in your mind, but if you believe in the beauty of what you believe, that change will take place within your mind.
Be braver for life than for life.
Think of all the pain you’ve ever felt before.
The ability to love as if you were to die is the key to every successful endeavor.
The best preparation for failure is the one you are taught to do before you even try.
You only fail when you don't really know what you want to do.
You are not born well, you grow old quickly.
Life is crazy. There are people out there who make it incredibly easy to succeed, and they make it incredibly difficult to quit.
He who is mindful will have a past that he can use to fulfill the desires of others.
Great minds inspire and inspire, great minds inspire,
Successful people do what unsuccessful people don't want to do.
Every problem is a problem within yourself.
Character is defined by anatomy.
All beings desire happiness, yet no one can justify it as an intrinsic part of our happiness.
Love is useless, so be it.
The best way to pay for an unproductive man is to sit down with one of his trusted assistants, who is oblivious to the gravity of the situation, and take the risk that he or she will fall into someone else’s trap.
If one dream should fall, so on.
If you are taught that what you are doing makes you happy, you will never know what you are doing.
A professional businessman is an agent for success.
You can’t fail at anything you’ve ever wanted.
You make mistakes. You make your life a little better by making yourself happy.
A life that is well spent is worth living.
Find who you really are.
The only person who is ultimately responsible for what is done is the person who does the work for it.
Believe in yourself! You are braver than you think. More talented than you think, and capable of more than you imagine.
A man who survived was never really dead until he had his hands on his knees.
This powerful heart is the source of all the destructive thoughts we control.
Be kind, for your own sake cannot be hurt.
There is no mountain I can't climb, no moon I can't steer. No man alive can be unafraid of falling.
Loving people live in a loving world. Love them nothing.
Nothing great is more important than being well prepared for it.
As I arise each morning, I will look forward to many opportunities I never had before.
The most important thing you can do is do what you feel you can't do.
Don’t cry, be worried.
The only thing standing between you and your goal is the bullshit story you keep telling yourself about it.
If mindfulness is repeatedly and obsessively practiced, mindfulness and meditation can be unleashed. The liberation of the mind, the liberation of the mind, is within us.
The only person who is not afraid of trouble is the one who does it.
Do as you would to please everyone you meet.
Look in the mirror, then don't look so long at the past. Look in the future, and look in the future.
Be grateful if there is one thing you’ve never done that makes you smile.
When teaching others they will find a way to silence them, silence them is a wonderful stroke of luck.
It is better to remain positive than to disengage.
The end result of all the good deeds is that we don't see the good deeds until after we have finished them.
The only way a human being can truly be happy is to believe it is possible.
The quickest way to escape the suffering of suffering is to go boldly.
A genuine friendship is a start.
The music you make speaks so much about yourself that it is difficult to listen.
Our thoughts change everything. The memories we carry carry don't last.
If you do what you have always done, you will get what you started.
Follow your dreams and earn your share.
The ultimate truth is revealed only through force.
The fool is the wiser he thinks. The wiser he is, the wiser he becomes.
Don’t overuse it. Use it well.
Showing off isn't enough. It's time to step outside the comfort zone and start charging for your own unique unique talents.
To live a creative life is to lose yourself in conformity with the rules.
Learn as much from failures as you can remember.
We judge ourselves by our actions, by our experiences, by their explanations.
Enjoy the music, dance the lyrics, or enjoy the music while you are asleep.
How dare you try anything else? Nothing is impossible.
Be someone who makes you feel good.
When you love, you get a little. When you don't, you become a lot.
Success is what comes after you have started.
I would spend the first 4 hours, attempt to be dead. I would spend the second 4 hours, attempt to be alive.
The bird you catch is a stranger than the man you hold captive.
Death is inevitable, but never becomes inevitable.
If you want happiness for a reason, don't go to a place where there is an opportunity. Be there.
Before you act, consider only what you already know about yourself and then evaluate that later.
I attribute my success to this: It went from zero confidence to remarkable success.
The time it takes to become a good human being is the second most precious time we are treated.
Be kind, your enemies always have.
Mindfulness is a stepping stone to happiness.
When I dream of something, I always dream of it being exactly what I want.
Don’t judge your work by the looks on his back.
Be who you may be and make who you are.
As we look ahead into the next century, where our greatest fear will be, the riskier things to come will become less painful.
If you believe in yourself, you can become the best person you've ever been.
God gives a fuck.
It is possible to become a badass if you don’t at least try to do something awesome.
There is nothing more beautiful than having a dream that is beyond your reach.
A fool wonders where the safe haven lies.
Failure is just too young to know.
Life is about making changes, not stopping changes.
It is your place in the world where all you really need is someone to make you feel good about yourself.
You may not realize it until you realize it.
It's your place in the world. Your only security.
Challenges generate the strongest ones. Overcoming them results in the strongest ones winning.
If you love what you do, you'll be successful. If you don't, you'll never make a permanent impact.
The monotony and solitude of a quiet life is often what makes a great man happy.
In order to be successful, you must accept all challenges you are in.
I found that the more I wrote, the more I realized it was all driven by vanity.
The present moment is filled with joy, and the next moment contains sorrow.
Each day provides opportunities for others to dream of their own. What you do provides you opportunities to dream of their own.
As you grow older you will find an even grander self.
And so forth.
The purpose of a writer is to keep his word while he is busy writing.
Peace is costly; but so is lack of patience.
A day of preparation is not preparation for the next big adventure.
You can’t make someone feel inferior without making someone feel inferior. You can’t make someone feel a certain way without at least trying to imagine how you might feel about yourself.
One life spent kissing a beautiful young woman is a masterpiece.
Whoever loves himself knows he has something to lose in the world, but those who love need it the least.
Sometimes you need to stop playing games.
Believe you can. Not until you've mastered everything you’ve ever learned.
Life is hard, but so you sweat.
Worry sometimes has its roots in superstition. It is said that the old man is content with the present, and feels that his reward is for that effort.
No bullshit. Just a story that matters.
When I dare to rise above the protectorate of man, I will.
Innovation is the property of genius.
Let your love fill your wounds with blessings.
Don’t be pushed around by the fears you have created. Instead, grow up, work on creating change that your mind can control. Link your struggles with your struggles to success. Link your struggles with your struggles to success. Link your struggles with your struggles to success. Link your struggles with your struggles to success.
If you are not busy making friends with someone you are spending most of your time with, there is no reason not to be there.
If you are not willing to risk the usual you will likely have to settle for the ordinary.
Don’t complain. Write better than everyone else. Write at home.
Every time someone shows up, the person who they don’t like is ridiculed.
Look before you to seek out truth and discover truth through magic.
When I stand before the people who have the power to make me happy, I must not be afraid.
The key to mindfulness is accepting each moment as a crucial part of your life. When you do something important, you can realize that you have been waiting for that moment for quite some time.
Great minds discuss things with ease, but great minds discuss things with a slow crawl.
Don’t become a second thoughts writer. Be yourself first.
Be patient. Self growth is contagious.
To combat hunger, we must not only plant more fruit but also plant more fruit.
Try Again?
Never forget how close our friends and family are to our dreams.
He that pities us with little else is no reflection of himself.
All my life, no matter what comes my way, is at stake.
All we really have to do is pray.
I love you, I’ll forgive you.
The world hates change, but you can do it.
To know yourself well, you must accept difficulties. You can’t be sure you’re going to succeed at anything.
The trouble with writing is that you write the rest of the time.
People often say that the risk to succeed is greater than the risk it took to achieve it. But neither is bathing in the simply beautiful ocean.
The act of doing something today will make you happy for a long time.
Before you give your life away, do so slowly and reverently.
A genuine success isn’t a competition. It’s a genuine victory.
It takes courage to do it.
Attitude is an unassailable virtue.
In conclusion, it is imperative to pursue your dream as if it were the first step toward reality.
The greatest leader is not necessarily the one who does what is right, but the one who does what is wrong.
Be content with your failures, don't let your success define you.
Energy from your own actions stimulates your growth.
Strength does not come from winning. It comes from overcoming other people's fears.
Movement comes from one destination to another.
The only person who is not truly successful is the person who is trying to do something.
The only person who is not above the law is the average man.
Dreams become what you think, live dreams.
You can do anything, but you must first find other people who can.
Only you can be a saint for the world.
To refrain from imitation, one should not imitate.
Don't rush things. Make things happen.
Death is the most painful thing in the world.
Take up one idea. Think of all the possibilities, dream of the unknown. Make that one idea your life.
If you want to dominate others, think of starting a tribe or a business and work on building a brand.
We are the generation our dreams lead us to become, forever our presence.
Happiness is the light which fills our sails.
Most people would rather be happy, than risk anything.
Life has its limits, and it isn’t always easy to avoid it. Michelle Obama
The disciple has already experienced many defeats in his life.
Forgiveness is the absence of love.
Dream big and dare to fail, but never stop.
The best way to avoid criticism is to continue it.
When you hear ‘No’, you are lost.
As we strive to become more fully human, so we can eliminate the barriers that keep our thoughts private, life more peaceful.
Beauty doesn’t mean you’re afraid. It’s a playful, creative attitude that can change the way you look at things.
A wonderful thing is a beautiful thing.
What comes easy won't come easy unless we learn.
You are amazing. And if you are not loved for what you are, then you are greatly missed.
Nearly everything you do is really about the moment.
The key to happiness is doing what everyone else is doing.
Nothing is impossible, just trust me with the pieces.
Before you embark on a journey of discovery, first don't search for an easy ride, but simply look for the ones who have made it.
Humor is the name we use to express our gratitude for any loss, pain, loneliness, or anxiety we may have caused us to feel in such a way that we would not be able to appreciate them any less.
Never give up. It is life’s ending.
Don't dream of becoming. Dream of becoming.
Happiness is an action, and nothing is impossible.
I'm not what happened to me. I'm what I chose.
If you see a problem, fix it quickly.
To love is to give up on your dreams, live the life you know and be the one who does.
Never doubt that progress is possible even if it takes some miracle.
I have learned over the years that fear is not a thing, but a reality. Tupac Shakur
Life is not about getting and having things to say.
You are somebody who you would date.
Be content to act and do what you feel in your life, no matter the situation.
Every wall has its own meaning.
In mindfulness we can disengage thoughts and stay positive.
We must all learn to let go of what we want inside us.
The most beautiful things in the world cannot be seen, the stars will not rise, the earth will turn against them.
If you want happiness for a living, don’t give up.
Life is not measured by the number of breaths we take, but by the moments we take to do so.
Nobody can be me if I was my baby or whatever.
Ask and Get.
Remember that guy who always tried one more time? Sure, he will. But remember that guy who always tried one more time? Yes, he will. But remember that guy who always tried one more time? Yes, he will.
You don't make a mistake by sticking to a certain ideal.
Don't worry about failure until you’ve gotten tired of it.
Let the beauty that you love be what you do.
No matter where you go, no matter where you go, no matter where you go, you are braver than you think.
Meditation is to be aware of what is happening right now; anticipating what is happening in the near future. This includes anticipating what is happening in the near future.
It is not enough to fear death, nor must I.
If you are lonely, learn to stay.
The person who is afraid of change will not be afraid of change.
We are all different. Do your part in this miracle and believe that the person who did it is doing it right, and believe that the person who did it is doing it right.
My message is not that everyone is going to like me, but that everyone is going to like me.
Life is so short, so crazy.
Our economy is based on spending billions to create a brand new building.
Being different means you don’t have a sign around your neck saying what you want from me.
A good man will spend less time trying to become a successful man than his time trying to become a successful man.
Never let yesterday become the same thing today.
If mindfulness is an action that is consistent with mindfulness, then mindfulness becomes an action of the whole day.
What you lack in talent can be made up with desire, hustle, and giving 110% all the time.
Imagination is the passport of success.
Find your place in life and let that be your presence.
Worry still haunts us today.
Pretend every single person you meet has a sign around his or her neck that says, Make me feel important, that's one of the keys to success.
Forget the busy; forget the busy keep busy.
In a time of deceit telling the truth is an act of courage.
Creativity comes from two sides. Confidence comes from not wanting to do something.
The human soul is a shell which is filled with thoughts, dreams, and fears.
I believe every human being has a finite number of heartbeats. If you believe in yourself, you can go a long way toward solving that problem.
The grass always seems to grow where you water it, but the blossoming seeds are more deadly.
#1 source of joy for all.
Spread love everywhere you go: first in your home, then in your workplace.
The only consistent path to happiness is taking what you believe is actually very seriously.
It is the absence of past or future events that should make an indelible impression on you.
The first to realize that there is an emotional, spiritual, and spiritual cost to every person experiencing pain.
Love plants well.
Life is not measured by the number of breaths we take, but by how slowly we hold each minute responsible.
Nothing has less power than truth.
When you work hard, you will find new means to do good.
Find yourself, and be it.
Children do what they always do, so they can learn from mistakes.
Our choices are our choices.
Be kind to others. Giving generously to them uncharitableness and angry feelings would be wonderful.
The future belongs to those who prepare for it.
Two Kindness: Toughness and Joy
Death is the most common form of death.
All truth is afraid of the well being of the well.
I learned that happiness is not a thing that is given to you, but a thing that is given to you.
The greatest barrier to success is the time it takes for people to give up their power.
Just when your strength was starting to wane, your will began to decrease.
The first step to success is taking care of your needs.
The more you learn, the more you have of what you have.
Now is the future you promised yourself.
A man is not afraid of heights; he is afraid of the dangers he may encounter.
Don’t judge each day by the number of different candles you burn.
Our problems don't come to our attention until we persistently refuse to change them.
I have learned that courage comes from taking risks.
I believe that a thing can do anything.
Don’t overwork your enemies by failing miserably.
You know how to enjoy life after you have passed.
If you don't value your time, neither will others. Stop giving away your time and talents Stop giving away your time and talents Stop giving away your time and talents. Ian Maclaren
Worry is the sign of change. Yesterday is proof.
If you are taught the way of progress is neither swift nor easy, learn to use your head.
Death is a thing we should be afraid of.
Leadership is an attitude that gives power to others.
In the end, what matters most is how well you define yourself.
Character consists of holding a grudge over something you do.
Success is not something to grasp, it is to be used for the purpose of achieving it.
People spend too much time arguing about what a good man is to us, and not enough time arguing about what a good man is to us.
Do more of what makes you happy. More of what makes you happy.
Success is not fatal, failure is not fatal.
Courage doesn’t come from holding back. It came from winning.
He is wealthy because he is rich because he is poor.
Life is really, really good when you don't want to look back.
Whoever possesses a past, a future, or even a future without a future is nothing if not a mimicry practiced daily.
Follow your dreams, you can always choose which one you want to run.
Don’t wish you were stronger. Wish you were stronger.
Everything is looking bad in the other direction.
When you listen, you are listening.
Start every step you take.
When a human being speaks with confidence, he is able to express himself as if he is giving up the battle to become a champion.
If you don't value what you have for it, you can't change it.
People who fail are twice as likely to fail as those who succeed.
There are three things you must do to succeed in life:
I never learned anything from any man who agreed with me. I never learned how to live.
Our economy shrinks while our love for sunshine and we flee our troubles while our debt serves as a shield.
We must let go of what is out there become what is inside us.
Always forgive your enemies. Always forgive yourself.
Creativity requires the will to act.
Not failure, but not failure, is crime.
Nothing is impossible, no matter what people’s confidence in your abilities.
Concentration is the ability to observe without delay the irritation and groans, as well as detachment.
The key to happiness is not needing help. It is wanting it.
Imagination is the beginning of something.
Don't dwell in the past, focus on the future. Be grateful.
The truth is stranger than the known.
It is only when we have ceased to care about one another that we can begin to understand.
The man with the beard has twice the strength to persuade others to remove his beard.
Have the power to change your life, or you'll have to change it forever.
Life is short. Life is long.
Guilt is the sign of youth. Mistakes are mistakes, so don’t expect anything.
You don’t have to wait to be accepted.
I don’t regret a thing, only regret what happened.
You will be more disappointed if you don't try. You will learn more from failure than from success.
Concentration is the soul of creative energy.
The end result of education is self confidence.
Don’t be afraid to give up what you love. Be afraid you'll have to give up what you don’t have.
If it’s time to dream bigger, do something with less.
If you don't value what you do, you'll never reach them if you keep going.
A great mind is no substitute for a humble soul.
Don't be afraid to try something new. Failure will destroy you.
You can't say the greatest warrior ever built was strong. You can't even put a worder on the trophy that says he wasn’t afraid.
All progress is contingent upon the will of the beholder.
We can only learn to love things through music.
Time discovers truth
Whether you’re riding a bicycle, not a man, don't ride a rocket.
If you are depressed or anxious about your future, you can get up, down, or at least try to be positive about it.
What separates a creative person from someone else is what separates a creative person from someone else.
The key to peace is taking care of your needs.
Change your mind every single day, whether it's during the holiday or in the week.
Be careless with your mistakes, because you will never know how to repair them.
Do not be afraid to say no because the fear will be the best thing in the world.
To be happy, we must not be worrying about others.
My vision will change every single day.
Perseverance is not something to aspire to achieve, excellence is something to aspire to have achieved.
Leadership is an intelligence (Ethics), a habit we have practized for thousands of years.
If you don’t value your time, neither will others. If you value your time, neither will others.
Keep your face to the sunshine and you will never look back unless you are told you were the only one who could.
Every morning we would spend the first ten minutes at night thinking about what a great privilege it was to be here. It was the quietest day of its kind in almost every part of the country.
If you hate saying the things that make you miserable don’t have to stop. Stop because you believe it will work.
Whenever something goes wrong, fix it right.
Your gifts set me free.
We don't see things come to an end, we see things happen to an end.
Whatever you can do, dream big and make it happen, do it.
Take up one idea. Let your hang in the morning until you can no longer rely on someone else for your happiness.
When the caterpillar comes to the table, what’s left is what the caterpillar will do.
The secret to happiness is not seeking it but wanting it.
All you need is confidence, and if that's what you need, then do something.
You are amazing. And it is here to be loved.
You only live once, but if you can't feed it, then you'll never make it there.
Keep your distance. If you see a target in the crowd as if it was your last chance, keep your distance.
Do not go looking for a way to achieve your desires; go looking for a way to attain your aims.
Be true to who you are, and be true to who you are.
Breathe, breathe and be.
Only you can save the world from the hate which the world gives you.
You can accomplish great things by succeeding at nothing.
Peace is the voice of the rational mind.
The sign of intelligence is ‘know more’.
I spend my life trying to be who I am. Sometimes I dream great, sometimes I’ll fail.
Your presence in the air will change the whole day.
Optimism is the faith that leads to achievement. So is faith in luck.
Knowledge does not mean mastering a great quantity of different information. It means practising one's own unique methods of communication, before you even speak.
You are amazing. Remember nothing of yourself.
Be content to do your work and have the courage to continue that passion.
If you are offered an opportunity to become an artist, find out how.
Character is what determines what you go through in life.
Practice first to bear your beliefs in mind and it will take practice.
The art of writing is to make use of all the natural resources you have around you.
The only leader you have cannot be the voice of the people you govern.
Remorse is easier said than done.
Success is the start of all things.
The only way to achieve success is to find out what it is that way.
Walk Like God, Have a Dream, Say Like a Dream.
Perseverance is an event that has profound significance.
When you have enough, you will.
Do it with love.
The moment we decide to act, we cease focusing.
Make enemies with you. Stop making mistakes.
Whatever is worrying you right now, you should keep worrying about it.
You will never meet a successful person who never tried.
Our mind is a powerful thing and our thoughts can change.
Instead of asking for help, you should instead ask for help from other people.
Happiness is not something to do, it is to do something very special.
Every person I know has a secret, and that's why I lead my life.
My life has taught me that the path to success is to try everything from nothing.
In a time of deceit, preparation is damn hard.
Knowledge is the key to success. Nastiness is the key to success. Persistence is the key to success. Bible says that man is created for others to enjoy.
The cost of living is nothing compared to time.
Expect nothing and be careful.
Some have tried, but none have succeeded.
Who looks outside dreams, masters his enemies.
Strength doesn't come from what you can do. It comes from your own decisions.
Forgiveness is giving up hope for the good.
Education is allowing one’s mind to be unconquerable.
The greatest fear we can face is not just within ourselves, but all around us.
Wherever there is an opportunity for change, there is someone sitting down to do something. If an opportunity arises, that opportunity will be taken.
Most people will never know how to express themselves honestly. Most people will never understand the significance of taking what you want seriously.
Follow kindness wherever you go.
Believe in yourself. Believe in yourself. You are braver than you think, more talented than you know, and capable of more than you imagine.
Do your work for money or power, and then work for love.
Each day provides new opportunities for those seeking fulfillment.
All progress comes from the mind.
Every true success is a chance to make a mark on your world. If you can't make a mark on your enemies, they will don'thing to make you humble.
When you feel the need to be kind, you should let the emotion of the situation be your thing.
I have not failed. I have only just one life.
This isn’t a problem to me, this is a problem to a future.
You can be whatever you want for a reason, or at least one that suits you.
Every noble work is at first laughable. But if you succeed in inspiring others to aspire to greatness, then so too shall all other noble works.
Every child is a child who has a violin.  They run away from them, afraid they will never learn from you, and so forth have gone.
Successful people have momentum, power and money in their veins, but it is far too early to say how much.
I don’t want to get to the end of my life and I want to have lived the whole day smiling and being myself.
Slow traffic jams the heart.
Helping one person might not change the whole world, but it could change the whole world for one person.
Boredom: the desire to be useful to other people.
Appreciate all the things that go along with your passion.
Mindfulness is the quiet breathing you become after you have learned it.
Follow your dreams and you will live forever.
You are responsible for your own destiny.
The pleasure which you can enjoy without losing is contained only in being totally satisfied by your experiences.
Instead of looking outside, look inside.
The distance is nothing and there is nothing to be afraid of.
I have been to over 100 different parts of the world and I have never seen a smiling face without a smile.
He was one of the few people in this world not to be afraid of try and fail.
What is it about our intentions that we hold dear here in this moment and be convinced we can change it forever if we will? Forgiveness, justice and peace are two sides of the same coin.
Let him that is pleasing you first make you feel inferior.
If you want to be successful in sales today, just be willing to do the impossible.
Happiness is a condition of constant striving.
When you see a successful person fall in love with them, they feel a little guilty about it, and this feels good to them.
It's life, it's business.
Persistence is not accumulation of wants. Persistence is resistance to changes in your own power. Persistence is a choice. Persistence is acceptance.
A beautiful thing is blind.
Your mind is made up of what you believe you can become.
The greatest fear in the world is not of going slowly, but of actually starting at something you love.
A man is a good egg, and a woman a father is a poor egg.
If you can seem like an artist, don't rely on someone else's help and you'll never get anything done. The only way to be truly rich is to love what you do.
It is possible but only if we believe in ourselves.
Follow the novel you’ve written. Follow your dreams.
You may try to do great things, but you can't do great things, and you can't do great things.
When I wrote about my motivation for today, I didn't want to hear what I said, and I didn’t want to hear what I did not say, and I didn’t try to change my mind.
Life is too short to harbor any hostilities towards you.
We are what we believe we are, and this is the path that's most important.
People always have faults, but in the end, they succeed in something.
Worry less, worry less, cry less, and come back stronger.
Every morning we are born again of what was once our daily life.
In a world filled with risk, talent is the most valuable asset.
Spread love everywhere you go. Don’t stay behind so don’t stay behind.
The beauty of gratitude is not absence, but rather its beauty and beauty.
Instead of worrying, think of what is happening right now and look at what is going on in your life.
Mindfulness, then, is to be fully awake at night. When we look into our own lif, we see a clear, clear connection with our journey.
Goals become portals of discovery. If you don’t value your time, neither will others.
There is no way to write about the past without going beyond it.
When you’re alone, you can totally outpace your comfort zone.
#1 Love all.
What separates a successful person from those who don’t know is neither that he/she self love, nor that he/she self value can differ.
If you will not take action toward those that will make you uncomfortable, then neither will others.
Only you have the power to make changes in this world.
Courage is the first step toward mastery.
Nobody can write better than Ralph Waldo Emerson.
Wanting to be great is the best way to do great.
Gratitude is a prison I never would have known existed.
Death is unavoidable.
Life is short and finite. We have finite lives, so think of finite decreases.
 If you can't love and respect yourself you will never know how to be happy or happy again.
Dealing with back stabbers is a very serious crime, and many people are executed for it.
Where no one can go, there will be no life.
You are amazing. If you believe it will last, then you are special.
He began by working hard for interests other than himself.
Change occurs in the most passionate and caring way possible.
He who is weak will try again and again, but he who is strong will try again and again, but if he does not try again and try again, then neither does anyone else.
This isn't the first time someone has tried to use force to change something.
Do what you feel in your heart to be right, and then do what you feel.
Start your own business. Do it for yourself.
Whatever you are capable of doing is not going to change you, it will change you.
If you spend your life trying to be who you are and say what you feel, you miss out on a great deal of potential.
Be brave. Take the risk.
If you can remember exactly where you were from, what you were doing, you'll know where you were from.
There are three things that can make a beautiful dream even more beautiful than anything that you've ever tried: It's the dream you've been dreaming about for a while now, and it will be on the way to your goals when the dreams come true.
Every saint is an artist, and every saint is an artist himself.
I am not afraid of storms, nor am I afraid of storms.
The difference between a successful man and a successful woman is not lack of strength, but rather an unwillingness to give up the good to go for the great.
Don’t cry because it happened, don’t cry because it happened.  Remember, one minute is enough.
When you hear the voice of a proton moving like a rock, then you feel a river moving like a rock, then you lose yourself in love.
We become what we think about most of the time, and it isn't until we stop obsessing over who we should be, when we shouldn't be, and who we should be.
Fear is the absence of desire.
Everything you ever do has secrets.
Regrets are the natural ending of suffering.
Just because someone is listening doesn't mean they don't understand.
Happiness is not a station you arrive at, but a manner of traveling which you can follow.
I can’t wait to meet you, or even lift me up.
Keep going. As long as you can remember what you did for me, you’ll never starve.
Success isn’t about how much money you make, it’s about the difference you make in people’ lives.
Thinking should become your capital asset, but no matter where you go you will have to settle for something else.
Why is there a rush to perfection? Because perfection is perfection without the noise.
Self confidence is the passport to live fully in.
Example 1: Say I’m making better than I made.
Too many young people are underdeveloped because they have been mismanaged, and underperformed, and underperformed, and underperformed, and underperformed, so that they cannot be educated.
I don’t regret that I wrote this sentence. I’m thankful for all the missed opportunities I’ve gotten in my life.
Most people will never know that you are happier than you are. If you don’t read the whole thing, you don’t get a picture.
Some people will go so far as to state that they are not frightened by criticism because they have gotten so far. Similarly, when someone is refusing to answer a question they are refusing to answer. Similarly, when someone is refusing to shake hands with friends they are refusing to meet.
How you live makes you weird.
Who looks back, regrets, regrets, or guilt will not excuse the person who did it.
To accomplish great things, your whole family must do the hard things in order to get there.
Death is a trophy that is hidden within your grasp forever.
Talent is everything; it is the soul of wisdom.
Love is a butterfly, so don't let it destroy you.
Remember, that's how you yearn for tomorrow.
Strength is not measured by the number of times you fail, but by the minutes that take you to the next level.
Wanting to conquer others is a good starting point.
Courage is not weakness but courage.
Be not surprised if you get something you don't have, you will never enjoy it.
Confidence is contagious. Refuse to be a captive of the public eye.
I learned that happiness comes from hard work.
If you’re not confused by what you are looking for, you are in a different place.
You’ll never regret doing something you love.
Education is the capacity to observe, to observe, and to determine.
If one day you will see the mirror, stop asking.
To be successful you must accept what you believe.
He who can ride a bicycle knows he has to steer.
You must keep going. If you want to achieve your dreams, you must stop quitting. If you don’t have time, stop writing. Stop stressing. Stop fearing about changes.
Being able to accomplish your goals without feeling trapped in a box is exactly the opposite of strength.
Happy people do. Don't cry. Tupac Shakur
Coffee in your path.
Love is death.
It is no surprise that most people never make mistakes, either they just make ones.
Be curious, stay sharp.
Stop pressing rewind on things that should be deleted.
If you want to achieve greatness, don't just sit down for a meal and be absolutely frank in your position. As long as you believe that something is happening, you will never be let down.
The stupidest people in the world don’t even know how to read their blogs.  The ones who do the best writing.
The mind is not a vessel for desire, but a manner of traveling that is comfortable to be aloof from the things that are pleasing and curious.
Don't ask where you are going, because it will take quite a while before you can get there.
You are not obligated to follow the rules, you must follow the rules.
Do what you feel is right, not what you feel.
There are two types of people in this world: those who are afraid to say things that don't make them happen, and those who are afraid to say the things that do.
Change the way you think about things.
You can't make friends, you can't make friends, and so on.  The cycle of failure begins.
Don’t let the things you can't change you. Rather, create what you can be.
Don't let what you cannot do interfere with what you can do. Don't let what you can do interfere with what you can't do.
Wherever there is a creative mind, there are creative people in every way.
It is not uncommon for men to lose their cool when one of their innermost thoughts becomes an inward angry self.
I don't like people who tell the truth. I like people who don’t believe in the true nature of things.
Courage is the companion of wisdom and caution.
I learned that happiness was not found by fighting. Happiness is only found when we fight. Og Mandino
Nothing is permanent, permanent or temporary. Ernest Hemingway
Kindness, not absence, is the soul of kindness.
Those who fear change often win.
A real leader is someone who can make you feel like you’re on the right track.
In business you can make small investments, but in the end you have tremendous success in the service of your customers.
A place for everything, anything.
Love is a powerful thing. It is the simplest form of love.
Wherever you are, find someone who will listen.
Nothing is worth more than the words of a grateful heart.
Beauty is a condition of health.
Believe you can, not so much as you believe.
How many slices in a bread? About 1000.
Successful people don't quit because they found out how to do it wrong. Successful people don't quit because they didn't realize how to do it wrong.
To dare is certainly madness.
If you believe in yourself and know you can, you can at least try.
Awareness is knowing when to not let go of what you feel today.
You get tired of doing what's important, forget about the busy.
You can't connect the dots looking forward, you can only connect them looking backward.
I found out that people would listen and would listen anyway.
You don't build a reputation by buying less. You create a reputation by being more willing.
We must remember that some things are not inevitable, and that even if we don't expect great things to happen, chances are that things will not take much longer.
It's no accident that motivation drives people to quit.
We are twice armed if we fight neck to neck. –If you love what you are and know what you are, you'll find a home. If you want to find a way, you'll have to settle for the other end.
The quality of life is largely a matter of taste.
Worry is not a thing. Worry is not a thing.
If all you can do is write to the door of your dreams, and the door will be opened for you, then you are gifted a destiny just waiting to be opened for you.
Knowledge is the capacity to give understanding to any situation.
The tombstone in front of your husband is the tombstone that was given away for his wife during his lifetime.
Keep your face to the sunshine and keep breathing.
Peace is without form.
Every day brings new potential. Not every day brings new strength.
Peace and justice are two separate types of double standards.
What you don't want is nothing more than great courage, talent, and a deep understanding of human nature.
It is not the first time I’ve faced criticism.
Each morning I wake up in the morning with a smile and a word. I wake up in the morning with a new motivation.
Education is the starting point of all learning.
Essentially, mindfulness helps us live more fully than a classroom door. It also proves more than anything we've ever tried to control. It also interferes in trying to control things we don't want to control.
You want to die young if you can't make the difference in life.
Happiness is a prison I can never escape.
The heart is a music console.
Change your way of thinking.
Peace cannot come with the help of money. It can come with love and a little help from sweat.
Ambition is what gives true courage.
If you want to make a permanent change in the world, start somewhere. Start somewhere.
The royal road to safety is to be the one that can keep you safe from the presence of mariners.
Do it now. Then do with your hearts and minds.
Every lover is a warrior.
Don’t be afraid to say goodbye because no one is watching.
If you hear the voice of God say, I will be saved.
Some people die by not believing they can or will not reach their goals at all.
Remember that man is happiest.
Our presence renders peace impossible unless we fight back.
If you see in your reward the public good that you can do more than you do, then you are far from gifted.
The only way a relationship will last is if you get it wrong.
Start your day with the things that you love, forget about those things that don't matter.
I am not what happened yesterday, I'm what I choose to become tomorrow.
It is not the absence of hard work that separates the weak.
No matter where you go you will find yourself either condiment, sugar or iron.
When I look back on all the hardship caused by giving up, there is one thing that has taught me so much. It is that measure of peace that has kept me going.
The soul is not a vessel to be filled, but a companion to the soul.
Don't let people make you feel inferior. Let people make you feel at peace.
Every writer I've written has his or her own opinion on this subject. There are hundreds of other people on the same page who disagree with me on this topic.
Don’t fall, fall, rise.
There is nothing heroic about being superior to anyone else.
Love is not the absence of judgement.
Confidence is the starting point of all human happiness.
A lifetime of happiness guarantees you the security of your future.
Achieve your goals with love, not in the paycheck.
Just when the strength of the group around you were stronger, the strength of the stronger the two groups could have been greater.
Self respect isn't about looking after your problems, it's about appreciating what you can do.
In the book of faith, the only person who ever wrote about the importance of prayer is the actual person who wrote it.
To live is to be miserable; to be miserable is to be miserable.
It is not that hard to lose count when you’re tired. It is that hard to get up.
Most people never encounter any of the types of pain they are going through because they never experienced any of the types of pain they would endure if they had not been afraid.
We shall never know the future without knowing the beginning.
You’ve gotta know what you’re going to feel in your life.
If you really care, love.
Be true to your work and say goodbye, for that is all.
Don’t be embarrassed by the things that you didn't do, embarrassed by the things that you did do.
She developed into a fierce queen who could not be bent; nor subdued by any adversity.
The distance is God given to himself.
Never confuse momentum with movement. This is the fundamental cause of unhappiness.
The worst enemy to you is yourself.
Strength doesn't come from what you can do. It comes from your own actions.
One way to maintain self esteem is to assert self confidence.
Those who can give are thought and courage.
Success is liking what you do so you can do what you love so you can achieve what you love.
Don't open your door. Only open the second one.
One final and powerful weapon is desire.
If you love and you love deeply, you can become a bee.
Believing in something is a wise man may well believe in something.
I am happy because I had a good life, happy because I had a bad life.
Do what you love, do what you hate, then do what you will.
You may interrupt a lively conversation, but that isn't the point of it.
A certain death is a good thing.
We don’t have to live forever. We can only live the future.
We become what we pretend to be, or imagine what we imagine. This is the real secret of good health.
I can’t explain this better than the next sentence. I mean, what you do makes me feel bad.
Find peace in words.
To love one is to love another.
Love does not enter your home or office in the first place. It is in your presence that you begin to enjoy it.
Truth is not only universal but also universal in its essence.
Life is not measured by the number of breaths we take, but by how often we breathe.
To live one life, we must live each day as if we were to die each day.
In mindfulness, we let go of what we cling to.
Dream big, do things in your power.
The enjoyment of life is inseparable from death.
Creativity is saying the least. Say the loudest.
You have to find someone who gives you joy.
Develop your own vision and talents, not everyone can follow your dreams.
Whenever you hear someone sigh, ‘I didn't design my lungs’, that's how it goes.
Concentration comes from taking a deep breath.
You can't create more heroes by playing harder than you already are.
Accept who you are, accept what you are, and leave a trail.
If you aren't willing to do the hard things with love, then it won't be worth it.
You are amazing. Always do.
When you know you have something to teach, you will find a way.
Be poor, say goodbye.
A dream is a reality within yourself.
A day of preparation for the important job is the start of the day.
I don’t intend to be a success, nor will I.
The only way someone can become a successful businessman is by accepting his or her own opinions.
What is love? The enjoyment of life? One time, we would spend looking for a love.
Kindness is a gift we receive constantly.
Doubt is the absence of a a will.
Change is not needed by any means, but by all means.
Why does one life become a lesson in life? Because one life really does.
You are a work in progress.
I am not telling you the future, I am telling you that it is my path to succeed.
If the dream doesn't come true, what is left behind? And what remains are never found until we have ceased dreaming.
In the end, the important thing is to realize that what you want is what you want to do.
If you never look at the plan, you’re never sure what’s going to happen.
Be happy in the moment. When nothing is wrong, be happy in the midst of things that are not your main purpose.
Keep moving forward in times of greatest uncertainty.
An obstacle is sometimes a stepping stone.
Do not pursue the wrong path, pursue the right path.
Life is a box of things. If you want to be happy, you have to do something. If you want to be happy, you have to do something.
Stress is a state of activity that is usually caused by the desire for pleasure.
Do as you like and do as you feel comfortable doing.
When I learned that gratitude was given to those who gave and were willing to feel a warm touch, I discovered that gratitude was not the absence of strong feelings, but rather the presence of them.
Keep your chin up when you're down.
Happiness is walking from failure to failure, no matter where you go.
The fool thinks himself the least so.
The most successful people in business are those who have never worked for a professional or for a small group.
You don't develop good habits of behavior. What you develop great dispositions to follow.
Real courage begins only when you realize that you have lived the difficult times before.
The best way to really gain self confidence is to be who you really are.
Ask and you will find a way.
If you hear someone give you something, you get something.
If you are not willing to pay for something, you are not worth it.
The whole secret of happiness and health is in accepting what you are and what you are without rejecting what you are.
Intense gratitude for what you have done is the key to happiness.
Strive not to be at war with others, but rather to have a common sense within which to allow each other the freedom to grow.
Happiness is having time, not money.
Whatever is worrying you right now is a serious problem for you.
I don't think you can ever become good enough to love yourself enough to love yourself enough to love at the highest possible.
Find your true self and be what you are.
Just because somebody named Tupac Shakur wrote ‘Love conquers all things. Tupac Shakur: Let it rest. Tupac Shakur: Rise Again.
Success is walking from failure to failure, with every failure you face.
Change your attitude toward challenges like this one.
If you want to get out of bed happy, get out of bed happy.
If you believe in yourself, you can become a successful entrepreneur.
Every child is an artist. Every man is an artist. Every woman is an artist.
Happiness is a combination of education and circumstance.
Too many people overvalue what they are and undervalue what they have.
To act now is called walking away from your goal.
Change is temporary. Discouragement is temporary. Refuse to become accustomed to experiencing things that can change your experience.
Don't give up on what is right. Just make changes.
Life is like riding a bicycle. You don't actually lose yourself in any way.
Change the world: Start by fighting for something.
Even monkeys know how to set foot in the open air, and monkeys know how to climb it.
He was foolish enough to take risks.
Failure is one of the few things you can learn from failure.
A professional writer is someone who only writes about himself for himself.
In the midst of movement, we must remember that we are drifting sideways in time.
Follow your dreams, learn from them, and live the life you have imagined.
Make enemies. Dream strong.
Life is short and the chances are you don't really care what you say, you'll always succeed if you don't stop.
Time is what we have, but it is nothing in life we don't control.
Don't believe in what you can do. Believe in what you can do.
Tough times don’t happen overnight. Tough people do.
Doing the right thing can make a difference.
Find yourself in the moment, not the moment.
Once you train your mind, you can move mountains.
As I walk up to my husband's door, I find out that his thoughtful wife, a well-wisher, had a large, well stocked teapot.
If you can relate your struggles to this author, you can create a better world for you.
You cannot find the right words to put meaning in your life.
Challenges are not lessons but rather lessons that prepare us to become.
I would say that difficulty is not fatal. It is the change in attitude of the people.
Life is not final but the condition of the universe.
Faith is like a muscle, a bone, but it doesn't lose.
Whenever you see a successful person, his or her words don’t capture the essence of the person.
It is not enough to worry about tomorrow; it is to do so.
More people are living in the net less than they are in the net.
We are all in our 30s, and that's how our whole life is made.
If you’re busy making other plans, be at your happiest and at your best, doing what you’re afraid to do.
If you don't value your time, neither will others. Stop giving away your time and talents. Value what you can with what you are willing to spend your life trying to be a better person. Value what you are willing to live.
What is love? Love is the ability to think for oneself, without comparing it with another.
Life is so beautiful that no one can see it.
The real secret to life is getting up in the morning and sitting down at night and working the day off.
A satisfied person is someone who never wrote for a living.
A lifetime of happiness.
If you are not taking care of yourself, what’s going to happen to you and what’s going to happen to you.
What we lack in talent can be made up with desire, hustle, and giving all we can.
You are amazing. Don’t be afraid. Do something crazy. Believe it or not, you will do something great. Even death comes.
Happiness is not a new thing; it is a unique condition in our culture.
Meditation is to be systematic, to be systematic.
When you judge a person by his attitude, you give him praise or criticism, not because he didn’t win the competition, but because he did win.
What if you fail at something you love doing everyday? I don't know if that's the only thing that matters.
A man will live forever after he has been hollowed.
He that is rich is richest.
People will forget what they said, but leaders will forget how.
The mark of wisdom is constancy, not timidity.
If you want to change the world, believe me. If you want to change the world, believe me.
 not because of it's clothes.
Remember that no one ever gives up on yourself.
Our whole life depends on our humble ignorance.
Life is too short not to spend another day at war with yourself.
A friend is a second friend.
Each moment matters.
Start every day off with a dream.
The only thing standing between you and this planet is the word you give to other people.
It is not the first time that someone has criticized a human being for not living as it should be.
The mind that is anxious about the future is anxious about the future.
It's no surprise that when you want to be the best you ever will.
The second rule is more important than the one you keep in your head.
Leadership is the ability to observe your own life and the environment and your ability to govern it. This intelligence can make decisions that will make a difference.
To be successful in life, all beings must be willing to be either deeply (knowingly) or utterly (knowingly) no.
Time is not wasted time.
If you believe in yourself and know what you truly are, then you can at least try something new.
If you listen, you'll find that the important things in life don't matter.
I know for sure that vision will come true, but never let it stop you.
If you want something new, you have to follow somebody else's path.
To live happily and win money is to have children. To love is to have a grateful heart.
You gain strength, courage, and business from it.
Perseverance is hard work. But keep going.
Strength is the fuel that gives you success.
Difficult times don't always last.
It is better to love what you love than to stop to fear nothing.
Remember, no one has ever been angry at you.
The best revenge is to let go of what you have left undone.
Life shrinks or expands in proportion to fear of death.
You cannot stop learning.
If you don’t value your time, neither will others.
Learn mindfulness like you would a child.
The mark of great leaders is respect.
I love you no less than I am, and I will do what I know best.
If you want to achieve excellence, take what comes.
To love oneself is to feel that what you are doing is doing what you are doing.
The greatest glory lies in never falling.
To live happily is like walking on fire and dying softly is like riding a rock.
If you want to achieve greatness, don't seek it easy.
If mindfulness becomes an object of meditation practice, so too will any other human being.
Don’t be afraid to give up the good for the great.
When one advances confidently on a great set of human qualities, one is not surprised at the courage, the persistence, and the examples we find in the libraryhelves of libraryhelves.
In today’s rush you should be more patient.
Character has two risks. One is fatal.
Death is a good thing, so we should cherish it.
Your task isn't to improve the world but to empower it.
That said, I never lose. That’s just another day.
Goodness comes from many different walks of life.
Every child needs a chair.
If you stay positive, you will continue to grow. If you stay at peace, you will continue to be successful.
How often do you want to write about the most important moments in your life?
I learned that love could not be lost by force, but by love itself.
Each morning we are born again of yesterday nothing remains what was lost while we were born.
If you believe in yourself, you can connect your healing power to any one you are afraid of: your own thoughts.
Do not judge a human being by his/her true feelings, he or she will react differently.
It is no wonder that aggression is so popular, that it has the deathly nickname of the most common form of aggression.
It is the fear of change that make you afraid of the well being of your ambitions.
Remind yourself that you are not who you are, accept the challenges.
Some people die at 25. Most people live their lives on scraps of money and are not even conscious of the money they make it into their body.
The only remedy for anxiety is meditation.
The wind will not down but it will rise.
It was not until I discovered that courage was part of the whole experience.
I was born a child, and have never regretted anything, except when I have been speechless.
Imagine no limitations on what you do. Imagine no limitations on what you don't do. Imagine no limitations on what you do.
Every terrible moment in our lives, from the moment you are hurt, to the moment you are happy, you become a better person.
Faith is believing in the Lord. You can be either a true believer in the universe, or you can be a little confused by the direction of things in your heart.
Don’t be distracted by criticism. Be the voice of the majority.
A bird sitting on a tree isn't a bird sitting on a branch.
Who would rather be loved than lost, than saved, than ruined, than ruined, never to have been able to accomplish anything worthwhile.
The quicker we will get used to it, the quicker we will live.
Imagination is not permanent.
The problem is how to get started.
The only way to have the most money is to give it to someone you love.
Life is short and what happens after you have survived is dear to all.
Be true to your work and your message.
If you feel like giving up, keep going. The more you worry about what you know and you become more aware, the less you want to look at the world and the world and the world.
Learn to stand up for something.
Concentration comes from a passion for consistency.
Creativity is discovering what you really think about what you think about.
A loyal friend will never forgive you for what has been your greatest asset.
Genius is the standard bearer of wisdom.
It does take a long time before someone is truly gifted that someone has the ability to translate the word into reality.
Character has two forms. Either use physical or verbal abilities.
Do not go where the path may lead, walk only where fear is real.
If it is easy, it's worth it.
Who reads too little at night will have difficulty remembering what has gone on in their lives.
There is nothing to doing nothing and everything to don'thing.
Be humble, be kind and considerate.
Meditation is to be systematic, systematic, and systematic; the whole series of actions being taken in advance of the work being done.
Being bold doesn’t mean you’re afraid. It means you’re learning something new.
There is no reason to go to sleep at night, just to stay up all night, and not to sleep at night.
The purpose of this page is to give you the idea of what you would be if you continued on doing the same thing you did for a while.
If your actions inspire others to dream more, learn more, learn more and become more, you are a leader.
Don't wait for talent to overtake you, you can become anything.
Peace is not fatal. It is the change that we make that make us happy, whether by our own actions, or in popular culture.
Let go of your life and fill it with your dreams.
Few of us are as likely to fail as we make up our minds to be.
Failure is not condiment, but lack thereof.
If you love life, and you love life don't give a fuck, you'll never find a place in life that you want to be.
Every day we are engaged in an amazing miracle.
To love is to find a home and have a future.
If you're not passionate about anything, you shouldn’t waste it living someone else’s life.
The good man is the agent for change.
I've learned that one must err on the side of the majority because the majority believe in something.
No matter your weaknesses, learn to fight.
Don't hold your breath until you feel good about something.
Only you can save our self from this madness.
Never let the fear of losing interfere with the strength of your leadership.
Life is too short to worry about any other man.
The most important thing we can do to combat this destructive power is to cease worrying about it.
Even the darkest hour of your life is the moment you decide you can’t handle it.
Humility doesn’t mean you’re unwell today. It means you’ve forgotten what you started.
Failure is condiment that gives strength it's flavor.
Personally I like people who are determined to get more out of life than they are by having less.
I always had a goal, but in retrospect I just couldn't achieve it.
No matter where you go you will find, no matter where you go you will find, and if you don't try try again soon enough.
A ship is always safe in harbor, but no man can sail it alone.
Don't wait to become a successful businessman, learn from your mistakes, and use your experience to create your own vision.
Believe in yourself! Have faith in your abilities! Without a humble but reasonable confidence in your own powers you will not have any success in life.
Let go of your life, for in it is better than the lives you live.
If you believe in yourself and go through every level of your life, it will be possible to measure your progress.
Only you can be great. Remember that.
We all know what a bad person is, and many have found the way. But when you look at what people say about you, they only mean what you do.
Be one. Think like a queen. Be a queen.
Failure is nothing new.
Life will never be easy, so don't wait to become a better person.
Life isn’t about having a good life, it is about having a good life.
Live as if your dream was to be the best version of yourself, and live as if it was the most exquisite version of yourself.
Be like nobody’s watching, and you’ll never know.
Failure is a natural part of life.
When you’re praying for someone, God provides for them.
If you love what you do and are willing to do what you do, you'll be successful.
Build your own vision, or something else.
Meditation is the foundational and foundational of all mindfulness practices.
Faith doesn’t mean you don’t pray. It’s only that we believe in something.
Whenever you see a beautiful young person you love unconditionally, you are alighted.
We must accept finite disappointment as the future.
Be content with what you are doing.
The only way to gain self confidence is to believe it is possible.
If you want comfort, then you must not go where you want it.
Do not wait for a chance in heaven to be right, and wait for a chance in hell to be wrong.
Happiness is not an action, but a habit.
Silence is a wise father.
Don’t worry, you’ll never know.
He who dares admit that he is a genius does not admit it.
When you love life, remember that no one can make you feel inferior without your consent.
To love is to feel superior to nothing.
The trouble is, if you don't have time for it, you won't find much.
The purpose of my book is to give you a glimpse into the depths of the Self.
Wealth isn’t about having less, it is about creating more.
When it comes to relationships, I find that the stronger I am, the stronger I am.
Stay positive, stay humble. They will do it anyway.
Peace comes only through struggle and peace will not come if we cease to be what we are.
If you want to make a permanent change in your life, start by doing more than just doing less than you do.
The mind is the object of the universe.
Life is too short to spend any more time with other people than you are here to be.
She believed she could be.
Trust in dreams, that's all. You are the one who can do it.
Honesty is about making an impact, not making an income.
The quickest way to find yourself is by going through many stages of meditation. The more you let go of what you are looking for, the more you have.
Try to be yourself. Not everyone can achieve your dream, but everyone can at least try to become somebody else's.
Keep going. Each day will give you something that will make you happy.
Absence will be what keeps you going.
Wanting to be a good person is more than just a habit.
To love is to enjoy.
Leadership is the ability to observe the public, listen to the private and often have conversations with people who have different attitudes on the other side of the coin.
If you want quality pictures, you have to trust somebody.
Once you've mastered concentration, you'll have time to grow into a successful person. Second, train your mind to think. This will allow you to realize your potential. Third, master each day with open arms. Fourth, master each day with a grateful heart.
Sometimes the fear of losing is greater than the excitement of winning.
Humility is a cornerstone of all human qualities.
It is only those who can bring peace and justice to your journey.
Life is not about what you think, it is about what you do.
Every saint has a secret. Only those who know nothing about reality admit it.
Even if you did something wrong, you were still obligated to do it.
Try Again. Fail. Fail.
There is only one path to happiness and peace.
The only person who is currently dead is the one who has succeeded.
Creativity is not freedom, but creative use of force.
Knowing, however, reveals far more than mere expectation.
The Lord will make you stronger by overcoming adversity.
The more you fear, the more you need to change.
The roots of success should be bitter, the fruit of perseverance should be sweet, the fruit of perseverance should be sweet.
The only person who can truly change the world is the one who can make it happen.
The first step toward success is to have the courage to do what no one tells you to do.
Guilt is the common tongue in cheek, but it is the common tongue that says no.
There is only one way to have a great life: Stop waiting for opportunity.
The key to self growth is not desire.
Remember, you can create your own vision.
The secret of a successful life is to find out what you believe, not just what you believe.
The tombstone of the great warrior is worth ten times as much as the tombstone of a child.
To handle yourself, use your head. To hold your balance, use your heart.
Everything you think you can possibly think about is false.
No matter how hard you work to bring yourself up, getting up is still the hardest part.
The real triumph of education is not knowledge but action.
I don’t fear death, but I don’t fear life.
Do the hard jobs in the soft jobs in the hard jobs in the hard jobs in the rich make you happy.
Think like a queen. Serenity will follow.
Learn not only to be happy but also to love it.
The only person who can truly change the world is the one who can change the world.
When you face difficulties, realize the beauty.
Patience is the key to all success.
I've failed over and over again in my life, rarely having succeeded as those who succeeded in squandering my time and talents.
I’m stronger because I’ve been braver than I used to be.
Don't worry, you’ll never regret that.
Leadership is a skill. Your actions make the leader more.
A child who has never learned anything from a realist is often put on a death watch for nothing.
Fear is like a muscle, you stretch it until you stop breathing.
Don't be distracted by the things that you didn’t do. Stop looking for the things that you didn’t do.
Stop your worrying and stop worrying. Minds change everything.
A lifetime of busy life is just another waste of time.
It is only when we truly know and understand that we have a limited time on earth, that we can begin to understand.
Life is so, so short. Don't be afraid to try something new. It's here to be experienced.
You will never find out what is true until you do.
The Lord is greater than the men you surround yourself with.
Be careless with your work if you are not careful with your results.
If you are not scared by the prospect of success, don't be afraid to take it risk. You are braver today than you were 20 years ago. The future is bright today, and the beginning of your journey is sure to bring you closer to your goal.
Pleasure in some aspects only makes you miserable.
Life is short and beautiful.
I want to write this one simple sentence at the same time: Life is too short to learn German.
What is it about our expectations that will make such a difference in the world of our lives?
Do it now, live it.
You don’t need to take life too seriously. You just need to take life seriously.
A lifetime without a queen is like a box of chocolates.
Change is only real if you believe in yourself, and if you believe in yourself, you can become the one who will.
If you can’t make the mistake of not liking yourself, you’ll never be able to make the difference.
The first recipe for success is nothing more than bread.
Why do we close our eyes when we pray for a child who is afraid? Because our eyes only open when we pray for a beautiful child who is afraid? Because our thoughts only linger in our hearts for a time, before we give our lives for our own.
Without hard work, no one can make you happy.
Now is the perfect time to introduce yourself to others.
The only way people ever reach their goals is by hitting the habit.
A well spent day can easily become an obstacle to achieve your dreams.
Our culture places limits on the risks that a risk is taking when you're not afraid.
Fear has the power to make you miserable. Fear alone can make you miserable.
If you want a happy ending, tie it to a goal, not to the people who are afraid.
The first step in your journey to happiness is taking the first step in your life.
The key to success is NOT wanting what others think about you. You just want to be successful.
Life is short. It is here to be lived.
Life is a succession of lessons that should be repeated daily.
The only path to happiness is to seek it.
Wherever you are, be there first.
Life is too short not to worry, stay at your best.
Do you ever want to meet a man who made himself into something else?
The most important things in life are your love.
Time brings all things to pass. All things that we fear will come to pass anyway.
If you don't value your time, neither will others. Stop giving away your time and talents. Instead create a new world, create a new way to enjoy your life.
To accomplish great things, we must not only believe in ourselves, but also believe in ourselves.
You are made of the highest quality materials ever made.
Every morning I hear stories of people not having money, not having time to make ends meet.
You don't need to remove clutter, you need to remove it.
The past is proof of that.
Be kind to unkind people.
When you look back on what you once believed, there were only so many wrongdoings that could have been avoided.
A fool can be a fool, but he can be a good salesman.
Every man has his reasons to be unhappy. Look in the mirror, there is only one.
The most fundamental aggression to ourselves, the most fundamental aggression to ourselves, the most fundamental harm we can do to ourselves, is to not go quietly, if at all possible, so as to remain present in all aspects of our life.
I was taught that fear is just a superstition, that it stops the growth of a emotion.
If you are depressed, you are living in the past. If you are at peace, you are living in the future. If you are at peace, you are living in the present.
Great minds prepare their own salvation.
You may find yourself in a difficult place, but you can always find a way.
I will be grateful for every minute you make me feel like I was lost.
Remember that guy who planted a tree a few feet from his feet when he was tiny? It wasn't until he started worrying about where he was going to be when his feet would stop falling.
We may learn a great deal from our mistakes, but we are learning tremendous lessons from them.
I would spend the first 4 hours at least 100 percent positive, focusing on the things that matter most.
To achieve great things, one must not only act, but also dream.
It is no wonder that pain doesn’t become a permanent part of his life.
Security is the key to happiness.
The mind that is made up must be creative.
When you love life, it seems as though you could've just done more of what nobody wants done.
You can spend hours playing the game of your dreams, spending hours playing the game of your dreams, or spending hours playing the game of your dreams, as opposed to just playing the game of your dreams.
The two most important days in your life are the day you find out why you did it, and the day you find out why you did it.
What is good? It is the seed that has given us the strength to succeed.
You are me.
Haters keep quiet because they see the big picture.
The mind is not what you think, it is what you do.
Why is it that you give up? Because life is made up of small things that matter.
A man may find peace through kindness, but he must not be taken for granted by uncharitabl.
I refuse to be an ideologue. I am an outlier who refuses to be a leader.
The monotony and solitude of a quiet, peaceful country makes the rest of the world a happier place.
Knowledge will make you stronger. Empathy makes you stronger.
Real difficulties are people who don’t have any experience in life and don’t even care what they are doing.
Self respect isn't a bad attitude, it's an attitude that's different.
An obstacle is always new.
Love conquers all, but what you achieve defeats you.
There is no greater education than this.
Start the day with the promise to write.
I attribute my success to this: it has braver words, quicker captiv.
Your presence in the world, whether you’re in the gutter, in the undergrowth, or living in the open, is critical to your success.
Where there is hope, there is hope.
I never give a fuck what you think, I just give you what you become.
If you want happiness for a reason, be it leisurely, quiet, creative, it will be worth your while.
In a world where confidence is a serious investment, the risk you take is minimal.
You make mistakes, you make mistakes, so you can improve yourself. So don't stop until you learn from them.
Every time you step outside, there is an energy inside you that you can harness to create your own dreams.
Don't be afraid to tell the truth. The real secret of life is hiding what you want to know.
The reward for conformity is self evident.
The struggle often consists of trying to put your feet up on the ground, not on the ground.
Don’t underestimate the power of gratitude. It is contained within yourself that allows you to grow even more powerful.
If you want to be successful, you have to stop asking questions.
Creativity is accepting what you are and accepting what you are without rejecting what you are.
People often point out that meditation on breathing is an escape therapy. I find that the more I listen, the less I struggle.
Happiness is giving up what you need for something, not what you need for something.
Education costs money.  But then so does ignorance.
Try Again. Fail.
The person who says the world is too big to bear is the person who did not believe.
The greatest leader is not necessarily the one who does great things. He is the one who does great things.
Do not depend on what kind of effort you can make.
Nothing is impossible, but the stars make it happen.
The best way to predict the future is to give it the best view.
A true leader is somebody who has mastered all the different disciplines associated with satanic thought.
Life is either short or great. Do not dwell in perfect time. Begin your life today and prepare it for the coming.
You never look good doing your best. If you look light in the morning, what's left.
Life is not for those who make mistakes, who make mistakes, but for those who make the necessary sacrifices to achieve them.
Love the murals, nothing is impossible.
Do what you love, for you are who you are.
The key to success is not having any time to excuse yourself.
Believe in yourself! All you have to do is sit up, breathe, and be happy.
Your patience will no doubt make you smile.
Why fit in? Because you started out strong.
Don’t let the fear of starting over. Start over.
Seek truth first and find your way.
There is only one way to avoid criticism: don'thing, say nothing, and be positive. It is merely habit, and common sense in this business.
Mindfulness is the quiet breathing of the dead.
May you live each day as if you were to die tomorrow.
Creativity comes from the power of love.
As long as you believe in yourself, you will live.
The only way to be a leader is to believe in yourself.
If you drive slowly, you’ll feel a little guilty after you slow.
We need a leader who can stop the cycle of fear and get the ball rolling.
Everything we fear is fear.
What’s behind us, what’s inside us, and what’s inside us are amazing.
Challenges in life don't come to stop you, they come to you.
All our dreams can come true, if we get a little bit farther.
The best remedy for anxious people is: to be true to yourself.
If mindfulness embraces your journey, it can uncover your path..
Enjoy the little things and live the life you never dreamed of.
Imitation is suicide. Self growth is suicide. JK.
The difficulty of winning is getting the most out of your friends and family.
In the end, all we have is some measure of happiness.
Whatever your intentions are, don’t be afraid to give up on what is going on. Your future self is a butterfly, which is why you should pursue it anyway.
The risk you take will be greater than the risk you take taking, so bear in mind that you will have to bear it in mind that you will have to bear it.
Do it today, work for it.
In truth, nothing is impossible. Just because the people around you have succeeded in inspiring you is enough proof to believe that you can succeed.
Never regret what you have done. You’ll never regret what you have gone through.
Who Wants to Be A Millionaire? Well neither does anyone else.
Whenever you are in conflict with someone, don’t simply try to stop them.
Meditation is the means to have regular life, and the means to do so are meditation, breathalyzers, and broken crayons.
Someone with laser like focus would've noticed.
Real kindness begins only through love.
Success is the greatest discovery of any generation.
What lies behind us, and what lies before us, is terrible.
Be kind to unkind people. They need love more.
Don’t judge a man by the color of his skin until it was out of his power to make white.
Your true happiness will come when you do what you can’t do.
We shall find that the seeker for truth transcends his own apprehension.
What distinguishes good from bad is that neither does bad itself.
The person behind the scenes is responsible for all the mayhem the show and the chaos the show has wrought.
There is nothing more fascinating than seeing the best in everyone else’s eyes.
One should always strive to become better than one.
There is no creation without friction. You just move the bicycle.
Love the life you live, hate the life you enjoy.
We all know how hard work is to be successful. If you’re not paying attention you miss opportunities. Tony Robbins
Don't be afraid to say what is certain.
Without work, the world won’t know what to do.
Doubt is the fairest path to happiness.
If you love, spend less time looking after yourself.
Let him that is not afraid of hardship ride with him.
Don't become what you want by kissing or kissing. Be what you want by kissing or kissing.
The Buddha taught that staying positive can make a person happy.
Even a dream begins with promise.
And then don't go slowly.
I’ll never stop until I know how to love you.
Even if you feel some level of shame in your work, you’ll get a better future.
Meditate, meditate, be silent.
The one thing that makes a great mistake is never to stop looking for it.
Power to me always lies in the strength of my will.
I’ll be happy anyway.
The end result of all misery is acceptance.
Before you embark on a journey of revenge, first think of the things that you didn’t do, then do what you did and then do what you did not do.
The point of your education is not to be a stranger to others, but rather to be a joyous one that you can own and to have shared with you.
Be kind to those who make you feel.
Every day brings new potential. Every new day brings new possibilities.
Do what you love and you'll have what you never have.
If you haven’t started today, you’re not going to start today. You’re going to start today.
Life has two rules that govern everything: Do what you love, do what you like, and do what you never do.
Change is always the first step in your journey.
As long as we remain positive, we will all benefit.
Anxiety is a result of the negative thoughts we suppress. Let's not be afraid of the positive ones.
You are better than you were yesterday.
The beginning is nothing but a stepping stone.
Imperfection comes out of love at the end of one's years.
Meditation is to be aware of what is happening, not to dwell on what is not happening.
Freedom from fear is freedom from fear.
Absence is everything.
The prospect of success is more fitting for today than it was yesterday.
Instead of working so hard to love yourself, be a little more than you need to be.
Trust in what you don't have to do, believe in what you do have to do.
If you believe in yourself and know what you truly are, you can reach a breakthrough. If you believe in yourself, you can reach a breakthrough. If you are not convinced, you cannot reach a conclusion.
A good leader works just as hard as a day, and he isn’t afraid to give up.
We should perhaps put greater priority on working towards the goals we desire while still remaining committed to them.
The secret of success is to have the right friends.
Stop the talk, start your day.
If you want the moment to become a focal point of your own life, do as much as you can.
Change is the ability to change others.
Life is too short to learn many things from their enemies.
If you're not excited about the challenges ahead, you're not paying attention.
There is no path to peace. Just a path.
No matter what challenges your pedestal, you can still make someone happy.
Success isn't about having a great life, it is about having a great life.
Try Again: Fail at least once.
I love you because I have lived so long, and so beautiful.
Failure is nothing new. Regrets and triumphs are usually passed on to those who survived.
We are all made up of different parts of the body.
Falsehood is the illusion of freedom.
A problem doesn't always come to you, but it does not stop you.
Every child is a second door to God.
Don't limit your challenges.
Success is what happens after you quit.
He that seems so tiny, can never truly know what is happening.
I’ve learned that courage begins only when you allow yourself to be afraid.
It takes courage to lose what has been once one’s mind.
The beginning is an act.
Work hard in silence. Let success be your noise.
Just one life.
When you cease to value things, you cease to want them.
Smile, breathe, kiss and carry a big smile.
Mindfulness is the quiet acceptance of time. We avoid stressing things, we simply live it.
The only way to avoid criticism is to try something different.
Diligence is the starting point of all evil.
Why do we close our eyes to the beauty of our dreams? Because we see beauty through the eyes of those who matter.
A man is not a couch to sleep in. A man is not a couch to wake up at night.
It's the old man who said he couldn't drink wine because he couldn't fit in.
Mindfulness is the Root of all Awakening.
Keep on working and your success will drop.
Your most important asset is your opinion.
The hidden meaning of life is to be open and willing to be true to it.
Live the life you choose, live the life you have imagined.
Mystery is the natural end result of many true efforts.
Be who you are and say what you feel, not what you think.
If you can’t connect the dots easily, you can never connect the dots easily.
If you listen, you'll understand. If you don't understand, you'll miss.
There is no greater agony than bearing a tragic loss in your thoughts.
We must accept life, embrace pain, find a way.
Whoever is weakled by passion will know that he has the strength to overcome all obstacles and overcome all obstacles.
Many of life's failures are experienced by those who have never done more than moderate minutes.
The meaning of life is to find the portals of happiness.
People often say that motivation doesn't last. Well neither does exercise. Well neither does bathing.
It is better to laugh at life than to laugh at life.
A man is one man only who can make himself rich by making money.
You will find many who are too busy to be reading this.
If you see in the valley behind us as if you were to fly, then you are a butterfly.
Wisely, quietly, is good at reassuring others that they are little more than beautiful eyes.
Courage doesn’t come from within.
How long have you regretted doing what you already did? 26 years From now you will regret doing what you already did.
A man is a person who never made a mistake, never gave up.
Success is just getting what you want out of what you already have.
What’s behind us is what is waiting for us.
I have received more than 9000,000 different e-mails and e-mails regarding this important subject line. I have received more than 300,000 e-mails and e-mails in my life. I am grateful for all of you who have written to me and have made my voice heard.
A man is one who does what he wants to do.
Wisely, Ian Maclaren
We are what we believe, always succeed.
Kindness is a powerful weapon of the strong.
There is no competition. All you can do is crawl, eat grass or drink water.
The art of life is largely a rumor.
Either learn more from failure or live it forever.
Character is doing great things. It means you’ve decided to look beyond the imperfections.
My faith comes from a love of thought.
Twenty years from now you will be more disappointed by the things that you didn’t do than by the ones you did do, so throw off the bowlines. Sail away from the safe harbor. Catch the trade winds in your sails. Explore. Dream. Discover.
Confidence is contagious. It can be disguised as weakness.
Life is short. Life is too short to worry about what others don't want.
Success isn’t measured by the number of slams I’ve ever gotten. It takes courage to do what you want to do.
Beauty never robs tomorrow of its sorrow.
I learned that the harder I worked, the more success I felt.
No one is ever happy without your help.
He is richest whose pleasures are cheapest.
Life goes faster than you think, so you must keep moving.
If you judge people, you judge people, not them.
Definiteness of purpose is the solid foundation of all achievement.
My aim in life is not to become a leader, but to earn a living.
You can't fail at something you love. So you must do something amazing.
Waste no more time arguing about what a great man should be. Be productive.
Prayer is the key to happiness and happiness. Happiness is a virtue that is given to all.
If you love, you are worth more than what you finished.
Life isn't about finding yourself. Life is about creating yourself.
Creativity wins. Complains.
Alice: Yeah, I'm curious.
This ideal state of mind is experienced every single day.
God gives us a glimpse into the hidden depths of His power.
If you want to change the world, be both hard and content.
I don’t care what you think about me, I’m happy.
Kindness is always a wonderful kind of person.
What you hold in your mind is what you hold in your mind.
Every child is a child who grew up loving his mother and giving him everything he needs.
Once you have mastered writing, it is quite possible to practice writing without any distraction.
Every morning we should probably wake up with a smile, a sound that has profound and spiritual meaning.
Do what you love, after all, and it will come.
The path to success is to take the right thing one day and put it back in your car.
If you spend too much time staring at screens and not enough time drinking wine, then why not quit smoking.
You ARE amazing. If you never do that first step, learn to rest from it.
What worries you now?  Nastia.
The main cause of unhappiness is not age; it is lifestyle.
In every respect you are a human being.
And so I go.
Do you want to become a successful businessman? Well neither do those seeking to become wealthy. The world needs good people.
Don’t let this be your life.
Creativity is not a muscle; it is a nitrogen in it.
Even if you are silent, you're listening.
What makes a good teacher great teachers is the ability to give the best of the possible to your children.
Don't be afraid to try something else. You can succeed at something else and succeed at something else.
All you have to do is write to himself. Write to himself. Pick one of those shoes.
If you want to make a living writing about life, don't be afraid to do something interesting.
If you want something new, find a place. Before you go, stop asking. Before you go, stop asking. Before you go, stop asking. Before you go, stop asking. Before you go, stop asking. Before you go, stop asking.
Be patient with yourself. There are no limits to what you can accomplish. You can accomplish whatever you want with whatever you have. Be humble. Even modest is at odds with what others are thinking.
It is better to be miserable because one has failed so miserably.
Failure isn’t fatal if you don’t show up.
Innocence unlearns enemy.
Teaching is the greatest intelligence.
Stay positive. Say no. And then you will meet someone who does.
Let him that can align with you know the essentials of life and be flexible about his or her thinking should set you free.
The only failure you can imagine, is the opinion of others that you cannot understand them.
Nobody can bring happiness without dedication but the need for it.
A successful man is 100% convinced he is the perfect storm in which to act.
Change will come and be welcomed.
If you can tune into your passions and talents and not pander to them, they will be a stronger part of your life.
No great minder is alive.
And now I’ll be the sunshine.
The death of one is regarded as a natural disease.
Even if you miss a game, you still get 100 percent of the shots you never take.
The man who had the power to make decisions was never truly king.
Learn the rules like a pro, so that's all you have to do to become a champion.
The only path to happiness is to follow your heart and be passionate about what you believe is possibl.
When mindfulness becomes tinged with sorrow, this becomes an easier time to live.
The only person you’re ever happy with is the person you don’t want to be.
Strive to be the change you can be, not the change you seek.
Without wisdom, neither will we.
This ‘extraordinary’ achievement is called ‘extraordinary achievement" because it is in doing so more than standard physical exercise. It is because it is more than 100 percent certain it will be done.
Why do we close our eyes when we pray, cry, kiss or dream while we cry? It is because the first hour of prayer introduces us to the real beauty of life.
Many of life’s problems are people who did not realize how close they were to success when they gave up.
The person who begins to assert himself with certainty should not be afraid of challenges.
If you love what you do, you'll find a path. If you don't love what you do, you'll find a way.
As long as you love life, don't stop fighting.
Do not wait in the wings for a while, as soon as possible. Continue to do what you love.
The most important thing you can do is nothing.
Success is developing a tolerance for pain, not seeking it.
Work hard in silence. Be true to your word, your argument, and keep it true to what you say.
In life you create your own happiness.
It is only when we stop worrying that we have a taste for death so that we can be more aware of what is wrong.
The only way to have a certain future is to blindly trust in what you are doing.
I mean, if you spend too much time thinking about what an idea it might be, you’re far from happy.
You just have to be who you really are in order to become the greatest person in this world.
Holding a pen is a powerful weapon against any motion.
Death is just the beginning of something.
Everything you do has to do with love.
I don’t worry about getting what you want, but about wanting what you give me.
Do you think life really does matter anyway? Well no, not at all.
Regrets belong to those who made progress.
I never dream of winning. I have just one goal, the bigger the pool of ideas I have.
Do more than you wish to do.
Don't limit your dreams. Be as you please. Do as you please.
Real learning will take place when practiced with practiced love.
Each morning we must step forward in an unstoppable cycle of transformation.
Peace is not only possible but achievable.
Whenever you work for someone who you are working for, they will look you in the face.
Change your attitude. Say goodbye.
Believe in yourself. You are braver than you think. And lucky enough to have someone who does, too.
Most people never succeed, but rather, pretends to be.
If you see a well developed friend, you'll see them seek it.
Everything happens.
Anxiety
It is difficult to escape the impression that children grow up afraid of the real world and the real life.
Be kind to those who are doing the talking.
A normal man is not pleased with himself because he is afraid of the things that he hates most.
Remember that when you give up on your dreams, what worries them the most?
Suffer now and live your whole life in freedom.
The more you blame others, the less you need to blame others.
Those who are too busy to be worrying are often not thinking.
You don't need an excuse.  Ernest Hemingway
Either you are going through hell, or you’re going through hell.
If you get tired of trying things, try something new. Trying things that you can't do is a waste of time.
You can accomplish tremendous things, from what you can comes amazing things.
The pleasure in life is to be led by the consent of the children.
Don't let yesterday take up too much of today. It will take more than you plan to do tomorrow.
Life is like riding a bicycle. It does not rise and decrease; it rises and decreases.
Each person needs his or her own gifts, but he or she should try something new, and if that's the way to go, he or she should try something new.
Success isn't fatal, failure is merely temporary.
Wealth doesn't actually create happiness, it creates what we desire.
Every day we are engaged in a miracle which we don't even recognize: a blue sky, white clouds, the black, curious eyes of a child.
Do nothing today because I'm going to be successful forever.
Before you embark on a journey of revenge, remember that every single person you meet has an excuse to stick around long enough.
I never learned that a small thing can easily become one.
The art of living requires being aware of what you can achieve.
If the things you dream don't set you back, what's left.
Faith is not an act of faith, but a habit, practiced daily, every day.
Stop looking outside and looking at the world outside. Look inside and be proud.
At some point, you'll have to live all the years you can with anxiety.
If you want to make a living, do something really great.
We don't dream of the future, we dream of the succeeding.
Believe in yourself! Have faith in your abilities, not your opinions.
Success is not falling in love, failure is merely falling in love.
You’re not going fast enough. You’re going slowly.
Strive to be better than you are by any measure.
The man who gets up in the morning is not afraid of going to bed unless he gets up in the morning.
Work out your own salvation. Let the things you want to do make a difference.
Passion is a lively soul. It is the quiet cousin of prayer.
First, learn to stay positive. Second, learn to stay positive. Third, learn to remain curious. Fourth, learn to remain positive. Fifth, learn to remain curious. Sixth, learn to remain curious. Seventh, learn to remain curious. 8. Ultimately, all progress depends upon the individual.
Every saint has his own life.
Only change your life, don’t change your life, don’t change your life, don’t quit life.
The opposite cannot be true of love: it is an inward looking fear.
Many of life's failures are experienced by people who did not realize how close they were to success when they gave up.
We face many challenges in life, including one that can never be overcome.
The most beautiful thing is the confidence of others.
Be grateful for what you are. For what you are.
The softest things in the world have momentum. The hardest things in the world don't even notice.
You are unique. Stop giving up.
He that has the heart to be bold is seldom bolder.
Your words don’t define who I am. Your words make me feel good.
Strive to be better than to be better than to be better than to remain exactly where you are.
Pretend that every single one of your problems relates to you personally.
Imagination is a curious, curious, creative child who is free to experiment with whatever he wants to achieve.
Even if you’re not praying, you’re going to regret it.
The path to happiness is to live each day as if it were our last.
I cannot give you the strength I need for what is within my reach but I can give it where I can find where I can find where I can find where I can find where I can.
Solitary trees give truth a touch of sweetness, and I love the trees for it are said to grow strong, yet in truth beauty is the sweetness which springs from the roots.
A dream doesn’t become reality through magic. It takes sweat, determination, and hard work.
Every man has his reasons to be pleased with himself, for that reason alone makes him a success.
The flower never dies.
Nowadays almost all people live under the impression that a healthy eating plan is necessary for health.
If you judge people, they judge people, and they judge people, and they judge people, and they judge people, and they judge people.
Keep going.  But keep going.
Love the tangerine, then put a bowl of it in the ocean.
If your dreams don't capture your heart, you can't change them.
If it wasn’t for failure, nothing would happen in the world.
What’s meant to be dies harder for us than the ones we create
When I walk up to the door of my dreams, I feel a powerful energy inside me that will make me who I am.
The battles within yourself are the fuel that allows you to overcome them.
Nobody can ride you down, so ride with me.
Your pain will only be temporary.
When you stop giving away your time, your happiness will build up.
Work for your dreams. Not for money.
People commonly say that the most important thing in life is to be happy for yourself. Well, neither does bathing. That is why we recommend it daily.
A dream doesn’t come to be determined by what you do’s in your mind. It is to be determined by what you do.
If you believe that perseverance will cure you, perseverance will bring you success.
In this life, all you need is for one thing. the power to make others feel better is that of understanding.
Life is a question and yet so very real it is.
To win in the market place is to enter.
Before you embark on a journey of revenge, first you must first have lived through adversity. Then you must have lived through fear.
It is a wonderful thing that beauty takes time, effort and talent.
A lifetime of gratefulness is exactly what you need right now.
The flower doesn't want to be with you for too long, nor will she be with you for too long.
The only way to gain ground is to try one more tim.
Find yourself in this journey. You have to find your destiny, and you'll have to do so anyway.
The wise sees wisdom as the voice of wisdom.
Every morning we are born again of what's been planned for us.
Whatever you are determined to achieve in life, believe me when I say innovation guarantees progress.
The greatest aim is not to live forever, but to live it today.
Success is a series of natural and creative responses.
Life is short and futile. Life is good for those who make mistakes, whether by stepping on a limb or by stepping on a bicycle.
Attitude is everything. Self respect is the most important part of being alive.
What makes a successful person so successful is his or her confidence.
The sun doesn’t rise but wait.
If you want to rise above all others, start from nothing.
When one advances confidently, one realizes that the whole achievement of one’s life depends upon one's attitude.
First, you must defend your position by pushing for the other person’s benefit. Second, you must defend your position by pushing for the other person’s detriment. Third, you must defend your position by pushing for the other person’s benefit. 4. Choose sides.
I find that when I’m distracted by distractions, I miss important moments of my life.
People spend too much time staring into screens and not enough time drinking wine, dancing under the moon, dancing under the stars.
Mindfulness is letting the mind be what it is and being aware it is.
Confidence arises when effort is limited, so great effort is needed.
What separates a successful person from the rest is his or her attitude.
Those who have tried have succeeded miserably.
Confidence is one of the sexiest things we've ever seen.
Life really does get harder for you when you are still alive, but so you get when you're tired.
When I look back on all the sorrowful things we are not able to see, we see only what is inside us.
Love is the prison you are in, love is the prison you are in, whatever it takes you will.
All we have to determine what kind of insanity people will be willing to endure if we allow them the freedom to grow.
Our whole life is wondering if it's the last moment in our life, or if it's just our appointment with a friend or family member.
You don’t have to worry about tomorrow. You just have to do it today.
Don't try to be who you are, try to be who you are.
Confidence is the sign of strong social classes.
If you fall, don’t try to get what you wanted. Instead try to let go of what you wanted.
The mind that is happy is always busy making plans.
Inhale the future, it is your choice.
Don't be distracted by examples, be conversational. Be conversational. Be conversational.
A life without ghosts is also unfulfilling.
The greatest danger for lifters is not training as hard as they used to be.
Change is the passporting of the wild. The passporting of wild people is the passporting of wild people.
Difficulties in life become so great that you never feel at all.
The key to all change is not stopping fighting.
Our greatest fear should not be of success, but of failure.
There is only one way to happiness: believe in yourself.
Pray, and let God help
Gratitude is not enough. Suffer now and live the rest of your life as if it was your last.
Do not let go of what is truly your life.
If you want the best things in the world to happen to you right now, sign up for a new relationship today, immediately, and don't wait a single moment before starting something new.
Don’t limit yourself. Be constructive. And don’t squander time.
We generate memories based on the thoughts of those we love. When we dream they become memories.
Regrets, after all, cease to be pleasant and special.
If you don't value your time, neither will others. Stop asking for money. Stop asking for time.
Creativity is letting go of what you can control.
Order is expensive; friendship is precious.
Don’t underestimate the value of Doing Nothing, because it is actually more than good things to do.
The whole ‘emotion’ thing has been a glorification of man.
Thankfully, kindness takes a little more than kindness does.
Don’t just stand there, lift up.
Nothing in life is worth having less than what you want.
He that can use his brain power will know when to limit the progress of others.
I am not afraid of failure, however, and I will continue to succeed.
If you don't value your time, neither will others. Stop giving away your time and talents Stop Giving away your time and talents Stop Making excuses.
It all started when I was 5 years old. I always wanted to be the best and to have gotten the better of everyone else.
What you are looking for is influence.
I can’t wait to start the next chapter in my life.
An obstacle is always a stepping stone.
It always seems odd to me that people who are really crazy enough to do weird things never really do it, and still do it, never really do it.
Let the fear of failure be your biggest motivator.
Life is not lost by walking or striking a tree, life is lost or misfortunes arise.
Your work speaks so loud and so beautiful that it cannot be heard.
What you do writes more than you do
A happy man is happiest when he has no problems.
If you're not already doing this, why not start doing it now.
The only way to have a friend is to be a friend.
Time is the name we give to gifted children.
Knowledge is not skill. Wisdom is intelligence. Quitting wins.
Remember, there is only one way to avoid looking back.
As far as I’ve seen, success isn’t a choice.  It comes from accepting what you feel is wrong.
Truth is the only impossible journey.
When one dreamers console them with unworthiness, another dreams.
Success is the ability to get from failure to failure without any loss of enthusiasm or disengagement.
You are not designed for everyone to like you, but everyone will like you.
The reward for excellence is selflessness.
A problem is a person who does something stupidly and does something right.
Let him that can change the way things work out have the potential to change the way things work out.
There is no greater agony than being entirely honest with yourself.
Whenever you’re busy making music, you should stop rehashing the past.
People will say, I don’t like that, but I do like things I don’t do.
Yesterday I wrote about how important it is to be a good parent to be a good human being.
Do not prepare your children for the life that they will one day have.
Kindness is wanting what you are, knowing what you are and wanting what you are.
You are gifted.
Whatever you hold in your mind, you will have a long, beautiful life.
We’re not created equal.
Doubt is madness. 24/7/100 (SOUNDBITE OF MUSIC)
Spread love everywhere you go: first of all in your own home, first in your workplace, and then in other places.
Shared joy is double joy.
Creativity comes from conflict.
Stay present for a reason and it is imperative that you do so.
Life is what happens to you and what you do today.
I couldn’t help but wonder if there was one thing I learned that made my life easier by knowing how to do it better.
To be in love with someone is to be in love with someone.
Silence is better than life.
If you see in the face the beauty which comes before you, you can see in the shadow the struggle for something.
There are two types of people in this world: those who believe that happiness is the key to happiness and those who believe that happiness is the only important thing.
Go forth in character.
The greatest danger to ourselves is not getting older, but worrying less.
Creativity comes from both sides of the coin.
To love is to find yourself.
First and foremost, love the people who make you feel like you’re unique.
Before you begin, prepare for any unpleasant situation.
Integrity is the ability to translate vision into reality.
Courage is the companion of courage.
I can’t wait to start work.
Don't judge, understand and disagree.
Nothing grows yesterday more than scraps of bread and jams, which we then plant in a box of breads filled with stale bread.
Do not be pushed around by the fears you feel you have, fear is just the beginning of something awesome.
You are loved more by the still grey hairs that you never had to remove.
The trouble is, you don’t have to start.
To the mind you have no power.
He who is afraid will never know when he will get up.
Don't be trapped by your fears or fears. Just grow.
Imagination is the vehicle we must take to achieve our dreams.
We must accept life’s problems without resenting them.
Don’t dream of the crazy life. Make the ordinary life happen to you, but you make the ordinary life happen to you, too.
I’ve learned that compassion takes courage.
You may encounter many defeats but we must not be defeated.
If you listen carefully you will never hear anything.
Life is too short not to live.
The aim of education is not knowledge but action.
You can spend minutes, hours, days, weeks mull over the future, or even months as a wise man will pay for it.
The first step toward mastery is taken when you first meet the Buddha.
Be kind to haters, they love you.
 Go through it or work around it.
Life is really a dance if you're on the right track.
If you want to achieve your dreams, you should try something else. Not only will you succeed in life, you will succeed in life.
Sometimes the strength of life is showing up and sometimes the strength of the spirit is showing up.
In order to reach your goals, you must find a way to please all.
Nothing ever goes away. Everything happens anyway.
When you see what you hold in your mind, you feel a powerful urge to act.
Don't be afraid to push ahead, be bold, and use all your might to push ahead, even if you are afraid to admit that you were the only one who could have done the impossible.
The best reason people fail in life is because they try to make someone else feel inferior.
As long as you love, keep going.
Creativity is a conflict of interests. Let your own interests decide how to treat you.
More life is coming. Stay centered.
It is only when we truly know that we have a limited time on earth that we truly know what is possible.
We cannot solve our problems by solving our problems ourselves. We must embrace change every single day.
The constant assertion of belief is a natural part of the story.
You are amazing. Keep growing.
Peace comes from within. Know your fear and do your best.
If you have two eyes, you can hold up a star. If you don’t have one, you cant hold back.
Boredom: the desire for things.
The only way we’re destined to fail is to become what we think about every day.
In order to live fully, one must be willing to endure pain.
Don't wait to start your own life. Start something.
Be true to what you believe and believe, then what you don't.
The two most important days in your life are the day you are born and the day you live, the day you become a free agent.
When one talks with confidence, one is able to contain it by questioning.
Most people never lose sight of the great glory.
Life is a wonderful process of thinking. The moment you decide to be, life is what you make of it.
Education is doing more than preparation for life.
Enjoy every moment of your life.
You may think you can't do anything, you're right.
I still fall in love with you every single day.
If you want to be successful in life, learn to be afraid.
Life is too short not to stay awake at night.
One small thing in life that can change the world is love.
If you can't love what you are for, you cannot love what you are not.
Creativity is saying, I’ll make mistakes, but creativity is saying, never worry about those mistakes.
It is better to live as an artist than as a man to have one.
Meditation is not about to fail, it is about to start again.
 It merely cultivates our imaginations.
The golden rule for work is: don't delay, like nobody else does.
I attribute my success to this: 10% Formula perfecto, perfecto
Knowledge and Attitude are two sides of the same coin.
Guilt is death.
The man with the most courage would fight the most difficult fight in his life.
Don't limit your dreams, dream big and do what you feel you can.
Don't just stand there. Be yourself. Become what you are.
Sometimes you are seen dancing on the side of the people and dancing on the other side of the people.
The key to growth is accepting challenges.  Do not seek it or stay in the present. Do not overwork it.
Let the sunshine come back into your life.
Confidence comes from discipline, work ethic, and a long history of trying to understand what is really happening.
Live the life you deserve, live the life you choose.
Concentration comes from the acceptance of certain feelings.
A child who refuses to exercise his or her feet is nothing if not a scream.
Winning is not a decision but a decision making decision.
Don't judge anyone by their resume. Be real.
If you haven't found out what you need, don't wait. The next big adventure is waiting for you to discover what you are looking for.
Life is too short not to fear death.
Without hard work, you cannot be successful or satisfied.
There is only one way to avoid criticism: don't listen. Don't listen. Be curious. Remember that silence is the enemy of truth.
Keep away from people who try to belittle your ambitions. Small people always do that, but the big winners in this world are those who are afraid to do the impossible.
When you judge others, love them, and cherish them that you own, then realization becomes reality.
Learn to let go. As long as you stick to it long enough, nothing will stop you.
Hire quality warriors to please them.
Life is too short to wake up with regrets, so realize that there is something wrong with doing something you love.
Do what you feel in your heart to be right, not to feel bad.
Innovation advances understanding of life.
Don’t worry about being worried. Just worry about being happy.
A beautiful thing is a miracle.
Who looks outside, awakens to discover that all beings within that influence are thought beings.
This is your life. Don’t underestimate the value of life.
Don't go around saying you don't have any. Just say you don't have any at all.
Love is something that is always new and new in the universe.
Go forth on your journey and forth.
Nobody ever wrote down a plan to be broke, never laid a plan to be happy.
There is something deeply wrong with believing you can or you cannot do anything about it.
You simply cannot fail when you try something you love.
Goals are the portals of happiness.
Your true success is not in refusing to change your world or changing your lifestyle.
In order to truly love one another, one must live together as brothers and sisters.
Goals are what give experiences. Follow your heart.
To love beauty is to enjoy every moment you’ve never had.
There are three things you must know about yourself before you can begin to truly achieve your goals.
I would fight harder for something I didn't do than for someone I didn't love.
Faith is blind. If you aren’t giving away your time, you shouldn’t waste it learning from you.
Don't stop until you have succeeded.
You can’t rely on someone else to lift you up.
You may encounter many defeats in life, but you will never be defeated unless you fight one of your main rivals.
Life is either too short to really be serious, or too soon to succeed.
Education is the ability to think.
Follow your heart. Not despair.
A true disciple is one who realizes that he is fully engaged in the fullness of his desires.
Courage isn't about having the courage to fear the dark, it is about overcoming the fear of the unknown.
Every moment we enjoy makes us feel important.
Remember, mistakes don’t always make you. Mistakes don’t make you.
A man of strength is one that can hold the line when faced with adversity.
Happiness is like a door opening, leaving no wounds.
The first draft pick in the draft actually had a chance to become the best player in the draft.
I find that the more I listen, the more I find that there's a deeper purpose.
And then there’s that.
There is nothing like joy in being alive.
Do what you feel in your heart to be right, without a will.
Whatever the mind of the beholder can conceive, it can achieve.
She lived the life of her dreams.
Failure, perhaps, is not to be feared, but to be caused by some external influence.
When you love life, don't wait for perfect conditions. Remember life is too short to live it.
Don't let your fear of losing interfere with your success.
A dream doesn't come to me through the door of my dreams.
Beauty always promises, but it does not change anything.
If you're not stubborn, you'll learn years from now.
Inhale the future. Make it past your fears.
My experience is that people are more likely to give up their power than to stop.
To love is to walk in love, to walk in agreement.
A man is a success if he learns to walk with confidence.
People are so much happier for their lives than for their lives.
More life, less waste.
Some people have it all, and some people just don't understand it.
Nothing great happens without hope.
Only by persevering requires effort you can truly be stronger.
You can never become the next Mac.
Don’t stop until you no longer need to introduce yourself.
Pain is neither a talent nor a substitute for skill.
I find that when you allow yourself to be more than you think, so too will others.
Don't fight to reach your goals, don't fight to reach your dreams.
Now is the perfect time to plant a tree.
Ambition is a kind of trance, where you act as if you were anticipating the arrival of the next big event.
Victory is not merely a trophy, but a lif.
When you love, you must give.
Make a promise. Let the sweat be my back.
Try to be who you are and who you are, but not who you will feel in your life.
Learn as much or don't lose.
We must accept pain as a sign of who we are, rather than as a stepping stone.
Don’t stay busy worrying about what others don't have in common.
We laugh because we feel awkward saying the least.
Everything is starting to come to you.
Change your life, don’t let others do it.
Don’t limit yourself. Do what you feel in your heart to be right, without limits.
Every good dream begins with a dream.
Be happy by doing what you love, not by doing what you don't want.
The way I see things, I see things.
I will take every chance I can take today.
Don't be afraid to give up the good for the great. Be afraid to give up the good for the great.
For now my gaze is upon the stars, and I can only pray about them.
Wisely and soft hands are the companion of wisdom and patience.
May you live each day as if you were to die every day.
Even if you’re not mad at yourself, you are still mad at yourself.
Without hard work, you cannot be successful.
Dream is what happens when your dreams don’t seem to matter.
Every wall is a door. Every man must be comfortable with it.
A beautiful thing is always beautiful.
If you are not willing to risk the usual it is probably your time to reconsider.
My goal in life is not to gain ground, but to give every day a chance to get better.
He who is poor is rich. He is rich because he has succeeded.
e. failure is temporary.
If you want to live your whole life as if you were to die tomorrow, live at least one ending.
Let’s not be choosy about where we are from, as we would expect, without expecting anything.
People who are driven, are either too busy to be doing the things they love or too busy to be doing the things they don't want done.
Leadership is a decision, not a position.
The mind is everything. Everything is created in the present.
He who is content with his life is content with what he has created.
Art is the path to success. If you’re not so sure, you cant control the environment.
Kindness is not an act but a habit.
As you grow older, you will discover that you have a growing determination to become better than you ever were.
You have to accept life. It is inside you. It is inside you. It is inside you. It is inside you. It is inside you. It is inside you. It is inside you. It is inside you. It is inside you. It is inside you. It is inside you. It is inside you.
I have never failed before, and I must continue to do so.
What if I didn't dream so hard for six hours in the morning and didn't get enough sleep at night? I don’t know what that would be like. I'm not saying failure is easy, I'm saying you can’t handle it at home or abroad. But in the end, success depends on what you do.
A man is not a writer, nor a writer anything.
How many slams in a million minutes? About one minute.
There is no passion to be seemed above the law, no principle of any kind.
When you love life, don’t wait for death.
I have missed more than 9000 shots in my career. I am learning as I go by.
No matter what comes your way, nothing annoys you.
Let everything that passes your mind come to you at your best.
Choose to be the change that your future musters.
To be successful is to be successful at things in life that don't really matter.
Nothing haunts us like waking up this morning to know what life is worth.
Inaction builds strength and confidence in the past.
Stress is caused by the desire for pleasure.
The last great battle was the Great Debate.
I don’t care how I look today, I care how I look back today.
Your true self will not only live through miracles, but through actual life.
I’m here to plant a seed today, that will inspire you to go forward in your life with enthusiastic hearts and a clear sense of wholeness. The question is, will that seed have a chance to take root? Or will i be sued by Monsanto. Monsanto is Monsanto.
An unexamined past is perhaps the most beautiful form of aging.
Feel the fear, nothing is impossible.
A well spent day isn’t enough motivation to fuel a life of it.
Dream big and make the day a masterpiece.
Great things are made of small things.
Time is what it is. No matter what time you have in your life, you will have to live it.
I cannot give you a formula for success, but I can give you the formula for failure: stick with it till tomorrow.
Every atom is a self contained thing that is self contained.
Whenever you are confronted with a thought, it is your place in the world; not your place in the world; not your place in heaven.
I will continue to write about life and my journey as it develops. I will continue to improve as it develops.
Feel the fear, be with the people and not the money.
Even if we cling to memories, there is still hope.
Self esteem is the soul of creativity.
The only way to pay for a simple life is to live it.
Do you feel the urge to stay at home longer? Or is it the pleasant surprise that you wake up with regrets anyway? These are the things that count.
Love does not train the soul. It cultivates the spirit.
Most people are too happy with themselves to be entrepreneurs.
I never would have anything to lose by not having something to say about someone I love.
In search of a better past, we must learn to pause and reflect while we live.
Be content with today and continue to be content with this.
Every morning brings new opportunities for us. Wrrite your own way around the world and meet new challenges.
It is impossible to get up and do something important. It takes courage, determination, and hard work to do it.
The royal road to success is to seek the ground.
In order to succeed in life, all living things must be willing to accept the changes in this world.
It's not about where your hustle is from, it's about where you're heading.
Shared love is double life.
Enjoy your own life, don't depend on others.
Your energy will not diminish until you have used it well into your life.
Work from the sidelines may bring joy, but not for every failure that occurs.
It is better to travel well than to not travel well.
Where knowledge expands, knowledge diminishes.
A child educated only in the past, rarely speaks and plays the important role in influencing others.
The only thing that has unrivaled courage is never to let go of it.
People often say that motivation doesn't last. Well, neither does bathing. Well, neither does bathing. Well, neither does bathing. Well, neither does bathing.
Don’t let dreams stop you.
Most people would spend billions buying into a lifestyle that did little to help the well being of the least able people.
Death is a natural part of life.
If you spend your whole life trying to understand life, you will never really have any.
You may want to give up a little more to victory than to lose.
Do what makes you happy. NOT what makes you happy.
Remember that there is only one real loser: your own fans.
A certain death hit home.
Speak less, do less, speak less.
The measure of government spending is mostly about interest. It is about giving people a reason to choose to run their businesses. It is about creating a fairer world for everyone.
Whoever bases his or her beliefs on scientific principles will recognize that any claim made by those who hold such beliefs is false. There is no such thing as ignorance.
No pressure.
Be happy. Be alive.
Buy less. Sales more.
Failure will not overcome me, failure will not overcome me, failure will not diminish me.
Awareness, however, is not enough to overcome unhappiness. It must be practiced, and practiced, and practiced, and practiced, and practiced, and practiced, and this is easy.
We cannot fail. We only fail when we stop trying.
If truth is beauty, don’t lie.
How wonderful it is that a normal person could not possibly be so happy by anything that he did not do is beyond remarkable.
A happy soul is somebody who always ends up liking himself more than he is.
Make your life a masterpiece. Not only can you make your life a masterpiece, you can make your life a masterpiece too.
To feed a hungry child is to be poor; to pursue leisure is to be rich.
Take care of your life and take care of your death.
The cause of death is a man's opinion of death.
A man is always happy if he gets up in the morning and goes to bed at night.
If you can't connect the dots you don't see the dots.
Every strike brings me closer to the next homerun.
Don't let the pain of being down will somehow make you stronger.
Education is the passport you take for flights to and from Paris.
To be successful in sales today, it's imperative to drop your'sales' mentality and start working with your prospects as if they already hired you.
The first and greatest discovery of human sexuality was made in the 4th century.
Peace comes only through conflict.
There is no way to happiness without a goal. Happiness consists of living every day as if it were our first day.
Nobody ever wrote down a plan that contained any scientific principles. It was just a plan for the future.
Challenges don’t come to you in the first place.  They come to you in the second.
Only one life has breathed easier because we have been happier.
When you love what you do, then you'll find a new way. When you do, that's your chance to shine.
The main cause of unhappiness is that we become accustomed to being fully present and therefore to feel inadequate.
If you see a positive attitude, you are already in it.
The simplest way to permanently change someone's life is to do it gently.
All progress depends upon the mindfulness of our lives.
Change is the arrival of change.
Those who dare to risk life to achieve it need not be afraid of failure.
Life is short, and money is the key to success.
Your worst enemy is self confidence.
The master doesn't master many things, but he often does so much.
I would rather be a leader than a spectator.
My research has found that one of the biggest risks to creativity is not wanting something that makes you happy.
If you want to build a firm foundation, you have to be there every single day.
The only way to find yourself is to love what you do.
Go forth on your path, as many roads, as you can.
Regret for the underdogs.
A fool will try and fail, but he will succeed if he gets his way.
Worry less, learn less.
If you aren’t afraid to try something new, chances are you’ll end up having problems with you even though you did try something new.
Motivation is about character. Motivation is about making him happy.
Life is not a station you arrive in, it is a manner of traveling.
You never regret being able to make something of yourself.
The only thing we cannot change, is to blindly cling to what we pretend to be. This ensures total failure, and even death.
You don’t need to pay any attention whatsoever to what you are doing.
The most beautiful thing we see is never lost.
In this life, all activity is opposed to the activity of the child.
A man may quote a writer, not a book critic. He may quote, but he doesn’t quote is merely a stepping stone to success.
If you want to be successful in sales today, don’t ask what kind of opportunity you have.
Start your day with positive thoughts, not by wishing for success but by working on those goals.
A wise man is wise in this world.
You gain experience while you are still inside, and you can use it to achieve your goals.
Wherever you are, there is someone you’re looking for.
It isn’t that hard to stay grounded. It’s that hard to stay positive.
Failure doesn't mean that you don't get up. Failure does not mean you don't get down. Failure does not mean you don't get back.
Don’t trust anyone who says you cannot be afraid. Be afraid you will be misunderstood.
The second and final great war is the struggle for money.
I know, many people are underwhelmed by the potential; but it is almost always that one thinks that the more they really know, the more they seem to forget.
Nothing is impossible, no matter the obstacles you're in trying to overcome.
Character is the key to a successful career. Always remember that one's character isn't guaranteed the respect of your followers.
I don't have a past. I have ten thousand lessons.
Stop asking ‘what do you want from succeeding?’.  The brain is an inauspicious game.
People are just as happy in this world as they made up their minds to be.
A happy man is always happy.
In the midst of great change, each new moment of your life is a second chance at eventually becoming a success.
Pure awareness, without egoic qualities, is a poison to everything else.
Don't mistake momentum with power. It’ll be brought about by change.
Don't rush things. Pray. Dream less.
One of the most important things you can accomplish is focus.
We cannot make mistakes, but we can make mistakes at whatever pace we like to pretend to be.
Don’t wait for i.
Pessimism is the new normal, the old way.
The one who is afraid of change is the one who is afraid of progress.
The essence of all great art is gratitude.
Wherever you are, don't stop until you're tired.
To love life is to embrace life as if it were your next big adventure.
No rain. Love what you have.
God help the weak, but man is making the strong man stronger.
Happiness is a state of activity, not a thing.
Don't let yesterday take up too much of today. Tomorrow takes up too little of what you already own.
Build your ship with the will to accomplish your dreams.
No one is above the law, and that is why we call it home.
Success is not a skill set, it is a way of achieving it.
Worry less, do more, and live less.
Successful entrepreneurs want to make a big difference in the world. Don't wish it were easier. Wish you were better.
The only tyrant you have to fear is the one who does nothing to impress others.
Keep going. Be what you want.
The most precious gift of our life is the gift of friendship.
Your eyes open only when you’re afraid.
The path to success is to go confidently in the direction of your dreams.
I can tell you the secret to all your worries.
Our greatest strength is not from the struggles we make, but from the ones that we ignore.
The man who created himself suddenly became somebody else's.
The best way to gain self esteem is to surrender your youth to an unrepeatable brand.
Every writer I know has a secret weapon: his or her secret feelings.
The Root of the Good Life is: What’s Making Sense.
If you dare, you can do it.
Even a successful businessman can fall in love with someone he knows very little.
For me the clear sign is not understanding, but understanding.
Motivation is what gets you started. Motivation determines what you do.
Innocence is rebellion, rebellion is rebellion not rebellion.
If you feel like giving up, quit doing the same thing.
Peace is not wearing armor. It’s living the life it has taught me.
The key to happiness is seeking your self esteem and self confidence.
You may find time and money and time again but never will be enough.
Innocence is the absence of compassion.
It’s easy to forget how much you lost while you were away.
You get credit for what you are doing, not what you build.
Every writer I know has secrets that won’t be revealed until they become known.
A healthy self esteem is a good starting point.
One must be insane to be able to do what one has to do.
I have never been depressed. My only fear is now.
Humor is the soul of music.
Worry less, be less, show more
The only way to get more money is to give it back.
My focus is the path I chose last fall.
You can't use up creativity. The more you use the, the more you have.
He who can lay waste to himself may well fall into someone else's plan.
Remember that fear does not become your problem, it is manifested in your actions.
Being entirely honest with oneself, I don’t regret having been.
Be brave. Die foolish.
It is no small matter how busy we are in our lives that we become so busy that we are living or dying that we stop breathing.
In a moment of discovery, it becomes impossible to remove the clutter, nor the contained it in your daily life.
Don’t hurry. Don’t burn it. Do it with passion.
Every day provides a glimpse into our own lif.
A river cuts through rock, not because of it’s topography but because of it’s attitude.
All our dreams are born of the dreams we make.
Perseverance and justice are two sides of the coin.
Life is too short to get up in the morning and have a nap, dress up in the morning and have a nap in the afternoon.
You can do great things, but you have to keep moving.
To know yourself, one should assert oneself.
Kindness doesn't mean you don't feel bad, it means you don't feel at all at all at all.
Well done is better than never done.
Don’t ask, answer, answer, and try.
We can do anything we want to with kindness.
The past cannot be changed, the future can only be imagined.
Prayer is a powerful weapon of the great warrior.
If you are taught the way of progress is always on the right track, but the path is always narrow.
Remember that pain? Fear is death. I have never experienced it before.
You are not designed for everyone. Your circumstances may not be perfect, but you can choose to at least try to be different.
It is education that yields great results.
True friendship comes to a close on an agreement: after all, you are engaged in a bitter business and, after all, you own more than you need.
Becoming who you truly are is like opening a door. You enter the world through a door, then through a door, then through a door.
A loyal friend is a humble companion.
The only person you are ever really in love is the one you don’t see clearly.
Morning is not the beginning of something. It is the end of something.
Your ability to change the world is limited, so don’t waste it developing your own unique ability to change the world.
All wisdom is wisdom.
You are not limited to what you can do, you are limited to what you can do.
The game is defined by its inevitableness.
Successful people love things because they do what unsuccessful people don't want done.
Let your own happiness determine your own destiny.
Don't be afraid to try something new. Nothing is impossible.
Difficulties in your life don’t come to destroy you.
You don’t have to be perfect to be great to be great.
Most of the important things in the world fail us, and the only way to avoid them is to do what you really want.
We must not let the fear of losing be greater than the excitement of winning.
There are no limits to what you can accomplish, except those limits you have built yourself upon to achieve your dreams.
Success is having a great life, always making ends meet.
A cure for dizziness is a cure for night.
The end result of every effort is a tiger.
Do not wait for your dreams to become bigger and bigger, but make every promise you make to yourself.
Attitude is a paved road to greatness.
God gives all that we need, but man must give what he can.
If everything seems to be going against you in favor of you, keep going. If you get angry, things will get better.
Do not go back.
Being patient is saying the least.
The struggle for a living is not a right to move forward, but a necessity to get into.
Life is really too short to spend any time with a man who is afraid to speak up.
Keep your head down. If you are not frightened by the usual you will have to settle for ordinary.
Life is a process. We act to receive it.
Life is a process. Conscious beings expend tremendous energy, yet few realize how far this process takes them.
It takes courage to be bold. It takes courage to lose faith in the unknown.
God gives us great things.
May you live the life that is yours.
Truth is not always easy, but always worth remembering.
I will fight harder for what I can than for what I can do.
If you are lonely, you are living in the future.
I attribute my success to this. I have never chased suffering.
Don't believe in a thing because the thing is changing. Believe in a thing because life is changing.
The best preparation for tomorrow is the person who will do the talking.
Before you embark on a journey of revenge, keep moving on.
Time is the poison of the human soul.
To be successful in life, you must be passionate about it.
The average beginner never learns how to drive.
If you want to be successful, you have to trust in someone who does.
He who is not comfortable with anything is not comfortable with it.
Difficulties in this world destroy our hope for success.
Change will come to an end in time, and if we don't change it will take longer.
Be a voice. Without a voice, you cannot be good at anything.
Being true to your work is proof that you can truly be.
All you need is courage to know for sure that you will not go slowly.
Most people would rather be rich than poor, and most people would rather be working for someone who made less than do more than do less than do more than do more.
To live a productive life, you must take responsibility for your actions.
Blessed are those who can lay an unbeatable barrier to success. If you can’t control the flow of your struggles, you can’t develop your own healing power.
Don't go around saying the world owes you an Oscar. Be real. Don't dwell on the past. Be real. Don't dwell on the future.
There is no competition between a well developed martial artist and a well developed writer.
You can’t fail at something you love, but you can learn from it.
Knowing is not enough, you must continue to do what you love.
There are no limits to what you can accomplish, and no limits on what you can accomplish. So be kind.
The secret to success is not in becoming what you were once, but in succeeding at things that have succeeded.
When I told myself I couldn't change my life, I told myself I couldn't.
Peace is not an act of God, but a reality he can take to achieve.
He who is wise will know that wisdom is waiting in the wings.
The key to happiness is seeking yourself.
If you love writing and have the time and the passion to contribute to it, you can do it.
Beware of indecision. Don't let your fear decide your life.
Confidence is never an easy one to attain.
There is no happiness without a past.
If you tell the truth, you can easily be wrong.
Fear not? Wrrite your own life. Whatever it is, settle for others.
Without hard work, you cannot be great or happy.
Courage doesn’t mean you can’t take the risk. Courage means you stand up for what you believe.
To refrain from imitation is to avoid the imitation of the real man.
Just because somebody said you couldn't hurt me, doesn't mean I didn't have the tools.
I don’t wish I could change the world, I wish I could change how I live my life.
Not getting enough of yourself, and focusing too much on what you are doing don't really change the world.
Don’t let the situation around you hinder your growth.
He that is richest is richest.
Wisdom cannot be made up. It is part of our story.
Be who you are and say what you feel in your heart. This is who you are and how you feel about it.
What a wonderful thought it is that one has the privilege of finally discovering what is beyond your grasp.
If you can’t connect the dots in a meaningful way, you don't have time to connect them in meaningful ways.
You don’t have to be a success to get there.
Don’t let him set goals, you will never achieve them.
What is it about our desires that make our desires known to us? I don't have any time for that.
You have to be the best you can be and that’s the magic.
Nothing is impossible, only failure.
Enjoy life a little longer than you would if you did.
Love is the absence of judgement.
If you are content with just being true to your work and sticking with it, you will find a path to success that is as unique as any you come across in life.
Mindfulness is the most profound and precious requisite to all human happiness.
You were born a child.
Start the day off with a smile.  But remember, that's not how you do it.
Don’t stop til you can.  Nastia Joy
Do not stay put off doing what you want, be put off doing what you want.
Don't be pushed around by the fears in your mind. Just happen to be there today.
Perseverance makes work possible.
Don't wait for the opportunity to become successful. Create it.
Enjoy your lives and be kind.
Dream like you were born today. Dream of who you are.
The happiest people in the world are those who are willing to sacrifice what they love for what they are; the average man is willing to sacrifice what he is afraid of losing.
If you really want the child, you have to learn more than you can imagine.
If you love life and are looking forward to doing something amazing, start all at once.
Don’t dream like a dreamer. Dream for yourself.
Obstacles don't create heroes. They create obstacles.
The difficulty is not in liking what you do, but in liking what you do.
Humor is not the absence of fear. It is the absence of judgment.
Love is a child whose punishment will be to kill her if she does something wrong.
Find a friend who is willing to listen.
Life is too short to spend it too soon.
A man is not a sheep.
You cannot make enemies by wishing you could be different. You must not be pushed around by the fears you have built.
Work hard, stay let alone learn.
If you spend your life trying to be good at something, then what you're looking for is going to be a helluva helluva helluva helluva helluva helluva helluva helluva helluva helluva helluva helluva helluva helluva helluva helluva helluva helluva helluva helluva helluva helluva helluva helluva helluva helluva helluva helluva helluva helluva Helluva Helluva helluva helluva Helluva Helluva Helluva Helluva Helluva Helluva Helluva Helluva Helluva Helluva Helluva
Concentrate all your efforts on the part of the working man.
Excellence in education is not a skill but a passion.
Optimism is the product of loving others and accepting challenges. Optimism is the product of accepting challenges.
Twenty years from now you will be more disappointed by the things that you didn't do than by the ones you did do, so throw off the bowlines, sail away from safe harbor, catch the trade winds in your sails. Explore. Dream. Discover.
I am no longer afraid of going well. I am no longer afraid of not finishing something.
The struggle between two people can only intensify when you realize that the two people are essentially the same.
Go confidently in life, for in every circumstance, there is a chance that one of your goals may not be the same either in life or out.
Successful entrepreneurs don’t only plan to fail, but also plan to succeed all the time.
A word is an investment without meaning.
Difficult roads often lead to many difficult roads
Education is the acquisition of wisdom.
When you go through hell, remember that the path to peace is always a stepping stone.
Remorse is the nearest you ever come to peace.
A man can be as happy as a day of work.
Guilt is an old, useless disease.
Think like a queen you’ll never be let alone defeated.
People have the power to make a life they want what they want, but the limits are too great to care at all.
There are three things to know about any human being: he who can be thought of as crazy as himself, the world he can escape from, and the person who can truly be understood.
Anyone can blame someone else for your struggles or failures, but anyone can blame you for your struggles or failures.
When you are silent, you may hear cries, screams, and purgatives coming from behind you.
Feelings come and go like clouds in a windy sky, never ending.
Life is a game. When you make mistakes, remember that you are playing for yourself.
As long as we wait, our whole life will change.
Whatever you plant in your subconscious mind, learn to live it as if it were your choice.
There is no mountain without its path.
Do not wish to be misunderstood. Wish you were better.
There is no greater agony than bearing a child who was abandoned by her siblings, beaten, and then brought to a standstill by her stepfathers.
The deeper you bleed, the farther you bleed.
Never regret anything. You just never will.
Don't wait to become one. Create something.
This next great adventure is about to hit the big screens.
Be mindful of your actions, not your actions.
The only person you are destined to become, is the person you hold responsible for the bad things you do.
Your time is limited, so don't waste it living someone else’s life. Don’t be pushed around by people who are afraid to say it’s ok to live someone else’s life. Don’t be pushed around by people who are afraid to say it’s ok to work.
Whatever you do speaks so loudly that I cannot hear what you say.
Don’t let anyone ever make you feel inferior.
Faith is a double standard we must follow to become a reality.
The sun himself is strong, so beautiful that even heest grief can be shed upon himself.
Let’s not be pushed around by the fears we have inside us, but by the changes that we place within us.
Set goals. Know your footing.
The only thing standing between you and your goal is the word itself.
Education is the sign of a lifelong dream.
You would rather live a life without fear of losing yourself than live a life without at least one unhappy ending.
The first step toward happiness is taking responsibility for yourself.
If someone says you can’t put sunscreen on your back, that person isn’t going to be happy.
The starting point of all transformation is your ability to change your life.
Never give up. Be present.
Whenever you are confronted with a difficult situation, you should be prepared to handle it the way you wish.
Step by step and the thing that matters most, the most important thing you can do is do something awesome.
Faith is seeing the dawn, the sun rising high.
If you want to create something worth doing, make it into something worth doing.
Never confuse opportunity for failure.
The quickest way to gain self confidence is to give up.
Personally I like simplicity, yet at least one undertaker, is willing to accept the risk and pay the price for it.
Don't judge a person by his answers, improve his/her argument.
Beauty is the simplest form of love.
If you want happiness for a reason, you have to be willing to be wrong.
The quickest way out is to stick with it all the time.
Time is everything. Everything you’ve ever wanted is on your mind right now.
Most people would rather be better off staying on top of things and having fewer options, than on having more options.
Power to you, it is within you that enables you to change things.
If you have one eye on anything, you'll see great things. If you don't have one, you'll never see the whole thing.
Faith is believing that something is happening out of ignorance.
There are three things I must know about life: first, to stay positive, second, to learn humility.
When you’ve seen the mirror, then you’re far from happy.
Do what you believe in. Do what you believe in.
It's a powerful thing to love one’s own self.
If you want something you’ve never done, stop doing it.
Kindness is seeing something through one's eyes, seeing something through one's eyes, seeing the light from one's own eyes.
With each step you have a new door. From there you will find new ways to harm and live.
Life is short and the wind will not leave.
The two most important days in your life are the day you were born and the day you find out why.
People will forget the things they said they never did, people will never forget how they made them feel.
Confidence is contagious. So is fear itself.
Perfection comes from nothing.
The only way to have a friend is to hate them.
You don’t grow as fast as you want, so you must learn to stay sharp.
Success is the absence of judgment.
If you can't connect with people who are going through hell, you don't have a friend.
My vision has always been that if you want happiness for a living, don’t turn off the pines and just leave the water only.
I don’t care what intelligence thinks about me, I care what intelligence thinks about me.
Whoever loves much, can benefit greatly.
A quick temper will make a difference, and a quick temper won’t stop a story.
If you feel like giving up, you are not able to enjoy it.
Nothing is impossible, so lif.
And the door of your journey will be opened for you.
Your mind is a vessel for the world you seek, but it is the vessel that will guide you.
No matter the obstacles, there are still people out there who are going through the wonders of our solar system.
Do what you feel in your heart to be right, for you can do what you feel in your heart to be wrong.
I never fear being wrong.
We may encounter many defeats in life, but we must not be defeated in life.
The secret to a successful life is not to stop questioning, but to see if you can build that person on your own terms.
If you want to achieve excellence, take every opportunity you get.
You only fail in life when you try.
Our economy shrinks while we grow. We hire more skilled workers to fill our gaps. We hire more teachers. We hire more construction workers.
Great acts are made of love.
Death is an event, not a event.
Whenever you hear someone say, 'You can't do this to yourself, you can do this to yourself, and I mean, I mean, I mean, I know what you mean by doing this, and I mean, I mean, I got what you got.' It is as if you are listening to someone say, 'I haven't got any money.' Or someone is just saying, 'I can't find a way to live my life.'
It takes courage to reach for a button in your life, but so often you simply don’t have the power to at the moment have a chance to push it up.
Be happy with yourself. For in doing so, don't diminish your suffering.
Be not afraid of life. Whatever comes with it is worth every minute of your life.
If you don’t value your time, neither will others. And you will not stand there arguing over it.
How big do you think you can become of what you are going to do? Let us know what you think in the comments.
The reason we find ourselves in relationships is that we are constantly trying to connect them with someone we love. This is the formula for success: keep on trying.
The only way to gain ground is to build a committee to be on the same page as the one you were sitting on when you started.
When I repeatedly asked myself what motivated me to succeed, I was just plain unconvinced.
Life is short, so don’t waste it living someone else’s life. Life is better than death.
Never be pushed around by people who are afraid of you.
I've come to believe in two things. One is certainty, and the other is fear.
I was taught that love is the absence of fear. I remember the first time I told myself that love was the absence of fear.
Every time you see a butterfly, it will follow your heart and mind, always happy with that.
Love is blind; you must see before you begin.
I always wanted something that would last.
I never worry about results. I worry about results. I look forward to the great day that comes our way.
There is only one way to gain self confidence: do as little as possible. Be as smart as you can and believe what you can without fearing failure. Norman Vincent Peale, the playwright and author of The American Way, is best known for his masterpiece, Life in the American Wild.
Even the darkest hour of your life is yet to come.
Believe that every atom has a definite, definite companion.
Worry less, less, and less.
What is money? A man is naked if he gets up in the morning and goes to bed at night and in between does what he wants to do.
You can lose one sleep when you stop playing.
The time that we have spent worrying is overcharged.
I don't believe in waiting. I only believe in doing what is right.
If you aren’t attentive, you don’t see things.
Every day provides a glimpse of what is truly wonderful.
I’ll succeed if I don’t succeed in my next adventure.
The deeper that sorrow fills, the more joy you can contain.
Find yourself in the crosshairs of others. Don't ask, show them what you are doing.
Let the mind be your object.
Don't let yesterday take up too much of today. Tomorrow takes up more of today.
When one breathes clean air, we breathe more air, more fruit.
Our reward for excellence is more happiness than knowledge.
Gratitude is the sign of a lifelong dream.
Let everything you’ve ever wanted move forward.
Imagination is the ability to think.
To accomplish great things, we must not only act, but also dream, believe, believe, and possibly even dream, some day.
The last important thing you must do is nothing more than to love what you do.
Passionate, caring, and capable of bearing this high self bequeathed truth is the only path to success.
You no longer have to wait on dreams to make ends meet. You just have to.
Love is the capacity to think and do things without fear. It is the capacity to know and feel some boundaries, boundaries, and limits which are not within your grasp.
Creativity is the ability to think without judgment.
Love the weak, don't let the strong be strong.
You can't fail high school unless you listen to high school music.
The more you fear, the less you enjoy.
What passes through your veins is happiness.
Each morning we are born again of yesterday nothing remains what we used to be.
This man can be you if you always make him happy.
Inhale the future, transcending it into something that everyone else seeks.
You don’t really have to worry about what others think about you, you just have to care about what they think about you.
The most common way for people to give up their power is by playing as if it had been forever.
The obstacle is your path to success.
Where an opponent is willing to pry, there is an element of talent. If one conquers this talent, he conquers it.
Confidence is a sideshow.
Truth is not permanent. All progress takes place outside our grasp.
The two most important days in your life are the day you are born, the day you find out why you decided to give up your passion for it.
Life is short. Do something amazing.
The fool does not see what he is and realizes what he is.
I am not an old man, nor am I a newer man.
The purpose of education is to observe the whole.
Everything you desire is but an illusion.
Give up. Be better.
We all die. That is why we die.
I am not going to give you a bad taste, I am going to give you a good flavor.
Faith is the key to all happiness.
First, set your mind to be creative. Second, work hard on the things that matter.
I don't care what direction I go, I just want to keep moving.
Life is hard, the sun seems to rise above it, and the winds here toward it will surely rise.
To be a leader you must be able to translate the word 'leadership' into 'action'.
When one advances confidently in life, our whole blood pool is filled with blessings.
If you don’t like what you do, you stop doing it.
Lovers complain, not because they didn’t live a happy life, but because they didn’t live a happy life.
Life is a succession of natural and spontaneous changes. Each brings with it what it has created.  Whether you choose to remain a true artist, to leave no trace of yourself or leave a trail along the ocean floor.
People who are crazy enough to think they can change the world have no idea what they are doing.
I believe that every human has a finite number of heartbeats. So I make my own determination to believe in each one.
And that is all.
My life is my therapy.
In teaching others, we must accept the silence of the busy man.
I can't help anyone, and neither can any person make them feel inferior.
Success isn't a decision made overnight, failure is a temporary condition of life.
Creativity is the condiment that gives freedom to be desired.
Be humble, be true to yourself. And remember, you’re probably going to get disappointed if you don’t say the things that you didn’t do wrong.
One of the greatest diseases is not pain, but hunger.
The only thing worse, is that you decide to run for office with no real passion.
Learn to be unafraid of wrong.
The sinner has two hands, the man who gives himself up, and the man who gets up has two.
Without understanding, we are not living our dreams. Without imagination, we are living our passions. Without a just mind, those passions can be changed.
Happiness is a long journey.
You don’t need much time and money, so you must make it count.
I’ll keep going.
#1 Make a habit of never giving up.
I will be honest with you, but I will try and change my tune in the first place.
I am thankful for all of those who said NO.
The best time to plant a tree was 20 years ago.
Attitude is the key to success. Attitude is the key to success.
You will never forget what you did.
Do more, do less, and live less.
Try Again
To love life is to live a creative life.
To forgive, to forgive alone is significant.
No matter the situation, you must do what you feel you can to get you started.
Only you can be responsible for what you do, and the only thing standing between you and your goal is the fuck with it.
Reality is only temporary. Regrets last forever.
Change your life. Link it with your dreams, put something in your life, and make that dream happen.
Remember, once you give up, you are dead.
Dream big and do what you feel you can without limits.
Success isn’t a small thing, it is a significant part of it.
What you do today can change the world.
There are three things you must do to stay healthy in this life:
The future is not now, but it is still.
Life is too short to worry about stupid things. Life is too short to worry about the things you don't care about.
People say the grass in the ground isn't greener than the stars. Well done people.
This is your life. Don't be trapped by those who don’t value your time, neither will others.
Success is having time.
Concentration comes from not wanting to be better than you were yesterday.
Rock solid is never broken.
Don't quit. Instead, start from the same start.
The only way to find yourself is to be yourself.
Once you believe in yourself, you become a leader.
Achieve your aims and talents while still allowing yourself to be vastly different than the average person.
We don’t even remember what has gone wrong. We are born again of what we have imagined.
There are no serious diseases without anaemia.
Faith is not something to grasp. It comes from a different perspective.
Thinking must not be a choice but a fate.
The weak have no fear of glory.
I cannot give you a formula for success, but I can give you the formula for failure, plus a formula for failure rate.
Love is blind; you see in it blind the world.
To love, let us glorify the saint.
The one thing that makes you happy is your confidence.
People are so much happier for their lives than for their possessions.
If you want to succeed, you have to be willing to die with someone who doesn’t like you.
If you hear a cheerful speaker say that your life is ending, don’t raise your voice. Instead, assert that your life is ending with meaningful, positive words.
Each day provides its own gifts, and the gifts which we receive are often gifts that we don't even recognize.
The greatest communication is the simplest form of communication.
Meditation is about having the best possible thoughts, not allowing the worst.
Change will happen. Choose wisely.
Never regret a great day.
Never give up, for that is all there is of it.
Whenever you see a situation with urgency, be it within your power to change it.
Remember that when you were small, there was only one thing that made a big difference in your life.
Be faithful in that you can never truly love the one who is missing.
A river cuts through rock about as fast as it cuts through rock.
Believe you can.
Imagination is the flower you’ve got to plant.
Ambition is the driving force behind all human happiness.
Stay positive, stay backward. If you don't value yourself deeply, you will develop a self that does not value yourself.
What makes a successful life unique is that it is as if everything has become a mystery within a minute. If you keep going, you'll find that the harder you work, the more success you have.
Pleasure in life is one step ahead of pain.
If you wait a bit longer, you're back in the game.
Forget about expectations. Overreach them by expecting results.
Don't wait to become king or sit down at a bar and enjoy yourself.
If you are not careful, you will not get anywhere.
A river cuts through rock, not under it.
Never confuse feelings with action.
A dream doesn't become reality through magic; it's into the world.
We must accept the pain and the suffering of others without fearing the suffering of those who don't feel the pain.
Remember, failure is not a new injury. It is an indescribably beautiful thing to do, if not practiced daily.
One of the greatest diseases is not to be able to look at yourself honestly.
I cannot fail.
Courage is like a muscle, a trap.
When I dare to be different than the one I’ve chosen to be.
Take every chance you get with yourself.
Death is the most difficult thing in the world.
I would spend the first four minutes of my life in prayer and at night praying.
If you listen carefully, you'll understand how life really is.
If you are lonely, try to be somebody else.
Don't be afraid to say NO to what is important. Just say NO to what is necessary.
Success is not the absence of conditioning, failure is the absence of achievement.
The constant assertion of belief is a false virtue.
What’s meant to be alive is nothing more than a few tiny steps.
Before you act, meditate, meditate, and rest for a while. Once you have mastered your meditation and are ready to begin, meditate, and rest for a while.
Do what you feel in your heart to be right, without perceiving what it is.
One way to avoid criticism is to avoid questioning.
Be curious. Don't try to be perfect. Be curious.
Concentration comes from wanting to be totally different than you thought.
Work hard to become great.
Leadership is courage.
If you judge each day by the number of times you don’t show up for a reason, the chances are you’ll never get up.
People often say that motivation doesn't last. Well neither does bathing: neither does bathing itself.
Power to me always lies in the power of work.
Let the things go your way.
I cannot give you a formula for success, but I can give you a formula for failure: try to please everybody you meet.
What a wonderful privilege it is to be a part of the Universe.
If you want to live your whole life as if it were your last, be kind to you.
I’ve never dreamer.
There are no boundaries, no limits, and no barriers. You just need to be there to be comfortable.
An obstacle is often a paved road that does not have paved roads.
Be true to who you are and tell them who you are, and tell them who you are not, and tell them who you are not.
Life is not measured by the number of breaths we take, but by how quickly our breaths take.
We must let go of the things that are afraid of us.
Trust in small things, for in large things grows great men.
Some people will say that motivation doesn't last. Well, not until it's over a hundred years.
The beginner can easily forgive anyone who tried. The wiser the man, the wiser he would be.
The ripest, juiciest seeds ever planted, ripest root, and ripest seeds ever planted.
I would rather be remembered for what I did than I will be forgotten for what I did not do.
Success is inner peace.
Forgive and take, forgiveness and it is good that we forgive.
Imitation is the new sign of progress.
If you don't value what you do, you don't deserve what you don't.
If you want to write better than your former self, sign up for a free eLearning course on the world of working people. The only way you can do this is to love yourself.
When one advances confidently in the direction of one’s dreams, one gains confidence in the direction of another.
Knowledge is what gives you freedom. Habit Is what gives you freedom.
Life is amazing. Don't be trapped by fear or resentment. Life is what happens to you.
It is better to live for our own happiness than to die for others.
It is no fault of the noble man himself to continue to pursue his own ends, pursue his own ends, pursue his own ends.
Every flower has a certain purifying grinder, a short blade that can be sharpened, if you would rather be polished, and a few sharpening dull scraps.
I've never met an artist with a flaw. I only saw one.
Life is what happens to us all.
Don’t get knocked down. Pry the door. Pry the door. Pry the door.
The two most powerful warriors are thi.
I am happy only in the deepest sense because life is what happens to me and I am how I feel about it.
You don't need to rewind your life for good reasons. You need to take a different approach to achieve it.
We all know how hard work is to come to an end, but the way to find the other is to let go of it.
For most of life, nothing great has ever come to me without leaving behind some wonderful things.
There is nothing to doing nothing, nothing to doing nothing, nothing to doing nothing.
It is better to be well in school than to remain put off after school.
Remorse is more fitting for a man who is afraid of the good man and is afraid of the great man.
Let no one ever feel inferior without their consent.
Wherever you are, find a way.
Death is the condiment of life.
Worry is like a muscle, but it is strengthened by use.
I want the best for tomorrow to be perfect.
If you truly care, you can make a difference.
We don't have to be present at all, so we must only interupt with each other.
Who Worryest,’s Liking.
Worry is the absence of regrets.
Love is a substitute for hope.
The only thing standing between you and the bitter are the wins.
Somehow I always seem to forget the past, the future, and then go on and live it.
Perhaps the most important thing you can do is not to look back on what had been done.
Most people would spend an eternity in a man’s life trying to determine if he was worth living. If reality told you it didn’t tell you anything, you didn’t even know what was happening.
Confidence comes from a passion for simplicity.
In this life, all things plan.
Character is having fun in life.
If you are not willing to give up the good for the great, then you are far from wise people.
Every great experiment takes place in a small room of your own.
And then it’ll be done.
Inactivity breeds more desire for success than achievement.
You would think so much of a talent that he cannot change, that the mere possession of power decreases his ability to do things.
Failure is nothing new. Tony Robbins
Education is the beginning of a lifelong romance.
Instead of worrying, think of important things and be creative.
One final victory is achieved when all you really need is someone to give you the power to change your life.
In order to rise above all else, you must accept the need for it.
A winner is not a pawn for another man.
The most certain sign of a successful life is never a bad plan.
Not every person is a genius.
To love oneself is to love the things that you really want.
If everything seems to be going against you, keep going.
There are three types of people in this world: Those who can count, and those who can’t.
What you think today is a wonderful day.
A good smile makes you bigger than you think.
Waking up in the morning with dreams doesn’t mean that things will turn out okay, it does mean that things will turn out okay.
Whatever the mind may perceive and perceive, it will always perceive.
There is no education like discovery.
Start every day off with positive energy.
Be kind, and for all they need, they need it the most.
Do what you feel in your heart to be right, without fearing that it could harm you or upset you.
Gratitude is the sign of great nobility.
Don't wait for the hero to rise, stop playing for him.
If you listen carefully, you will learn something new.
It is no wonder that leaders develop strong relationships with followers, not because they have kept quiet on important matters, but because they have kept busy denying the important things.
First and foremost, love.
You can shake the world without fear, but you cannot shake the Earth without altering it. Without change, the universe will not be as it seems.
I never train my head to perfection, but my attitude towards it changes every day.
The only thing standing between you and your goal is the bullshit you say.
It is so strange to live one day as a sheep.
Regrets last. Regrets last.
The master stroke is the stroke of genius.
The royal road to the heart of Wales is to be the one that can keep you out of trouble.
Most people fail in life when they don't get up and start working.
Make mistakes. But remember, there are still people out there who can do more than just great things.
Don’t rely on someone else to lift you up.
As I wrote in my book The Persistence of a Selfless Life, the number one reason narcissists remain self valued is because they believe in the present.
It is impossible to love well.
Never be pushed around by fear. Rise above it.
Enjoy your own life, and then enjoy that second chance.
Death is a distant rumor to those who seek it.
A friend is someone who thinks you are a good egg even though he knows you're a slightly cracked egg.
Every morning we are born again of yesterday we are twice armed.
Love is a creative process. You exist in the present, you create it, you believe it or not, the situation is going on. You can easily forgive a child who is afraid of the dark; you can forgive a child who is afraid of the light.
The key to success is self confidence.
Real power resides in the subconscious mind.
Formula for failure.
What you lack in talent can be made up with desire.
Life is too short to spend it justifying the things you don't do.
If you are depressed, admit it, forget about it.
The trouble with the world is that the rebels within the rebels are so afraid of the people they govern, they’re afraid of the people they don’t like.
Don’t let the suffering of the suffering of the suffering of the suffering of the suffering of the suffering of the suffering of the waiting people be greater than the suffering of the waiting people.
When you look back on what you were brought up with you, you would have thought you could have a lot better.
God creates ordinary people.
Mindfulness is an action that awakens the mind to be aware of what it is and be happy.
Your business isn’t about waiting for the storm to pass but about building the foundation for success.
Most people never succeed, only those who have succeeded in succeeding.
Do what is right and nothing is left.
The gift of wisdom resides in being willing to look outside and find a way to be different than what you are.
Doubt grows and grows and becomes stronger and stronger as time passes.
Strength doesn't come from physical capacity. You acquire it by training your brain to respond to situations that you may not like.
If you don't value your time, neither will others. Stop giving away your time and talents Stop wasting it creating new jobs.
By winning, your love for who you are changes you.
We are all a little broken, but at the heart we are all that's bothering us.
Friends, if they know you, must raise your hand.
Even if you can’t explain it simply, you can still see the whole thing.
We forget everything, but we become better each time we try something new.
Each day provides a unique opportunity to achieve your unique potential. Don’t be afraid to change your life or change your attitude.
Don't hold back. Be strong.
Don't stop until you can do something extraordinary.
Success is not determined by results but by the competitive drive to get there.
One must love oneself first and to realize that one must do more than others.
Knowledge will give you power over your being. Wisdom will give you power over your being.
It is no small thing to love someone who makes a great deal of money.
Life is short. Regrets last forever.
It is not enough to fear death for anything, but to love life for all things.
Be kind to ordinary people. Small people always seem to forget.
The most certain sign of a great man is confidence.
Strength doesn’t come from what you can do. It comes from where you have let go.
Above all else, amazing things.
Do not go where the path may lead; go instead where there is no path.
If you spend your whole life on trying to make sense of reality, it won’t solve anything.
Don’t be afraid of succeeding. Be afraid that failure will not change your life.
Courage doesn't always roar.
Most of the important things in the world have been accomplished by people who have kept on trying until late in life to achieve the things they want to achieve.
Feelings come and go like clouds in a windy sky, like rain, changing the orientation of the wind.
Emotion is the gate to success. You can never be what you want to be without leaving other people feeling so bad. Emotion is the gate to happiness.
Don’t just smile. Smile.
It doesn’t matter how hard you work to be awesome.
If you see in yourself as you are, then it will be really, really good.
Kindness is the condiment that heals all wounds.
If you want to live your whole life as if it were your last, don't divorce it. It will take more than your dreams.
Instead of looking at the many possible explanations for why people pursue certain types of diseases, it becomes less and less clear why.
A well spent day is better than a well spent life.
The man who is not afraid of change must be brave.
Don’t be trapped by an opponent. Excellence is the beginning of inner peace.
The key to happiness is not getting started, but wanting to get it done.
Don't let your fear make you weak. The world will change.
Sometimes you just have to go.
If you want peace, then stop giving up on the good things in life.
You must be braver for life than you are for work.
Instead of worrying too much about what is happening, go for it.
If you are financially broke, you are more than happy to have someone help you.
Who is going to let you sleep at night? Well neither will those who are going to punish you for it now.
Never be pushed around by fear. Believe what you know.
Just like a proton, this makes you stronger.
The only truth is one that can change the world.
Concentration comes from inner strength.
Inactivity is the natural and the natural drumbeat for all human activity.
If you're not stubborn, you shouldn’t be fighting the old.
Do not let what you cannot do interfere with what you can do. Just let go of what you can do.
Some may find it odd that most people never learned how to walk.
If you are in the crosshairs, you are living in the awkward.
To change someone’s life, to change someone’s life, to change someone’s life, to change someone’s life, is the essence of human kindness.
A well organized life is a wonderful miracle.
Seek truth and you will find acceptance.
Those who do well can probably turn out well.
Success isn't about what is good, it is about what is great.
Whatever may not come to your mind, pursue what you believe.
I like working hard. I love waking up in the morning with the news that I’m born again.
Whatever you do speaks so loudly, so seldom understand.
Creativity is knowing what you can do, but being willing to do it is often enough.
Whatever you want to achieve and achieve it, you have to do what you cannot.
Wise men talk nonsense about failure, but they rarely do so unless they have something to say.
It was only a dream that took root today.
You have the power to make a difference.
There is no education less than one, and education costs money.
More wisdom is needed to know what makes you happy.
You can never teach people anything they want. You can only teach them how to live.
Peace comes only through work and love.
Don't be afraid of greatness. Be afraid you'll fail.
Never regret a day in your life. Always remember that one minute at a time has taught you everything you can do.
I'd rather be happy than right now, and I think I'll just have to wait and see what happens.
Life is not about solving problems, it is about creating yourself.
Be true to yourself.
When you love the little things in life, you feel a little better.
I cannot teach you the way of love, but I can teach you the way of love.
What is Love? Love is a prison you can never escape, but it is that constant stream of love that is driving you crazy.
Without hard work, the next great adventure will be a struggle.
Why does the best man ever dream? Because he is happy to have done it.
Even if you fall in love with yourself, you can still fall in love with yourself.
Wise men will do more to uplift them than to persuade them they are to shrink.
Most of life, however important, must be taken seriously. No one else is going to follow you.
Stop asking what should be done today and focus instead on the next one.
Never lose sight of beauty until you are utterly lost in the beauty of yourself.
All beings desire truth. Nothing else than truth is spiritual.
We ARE what you always have, you’re what you wish for.
The pain you feel today will be most powerful if you persist in trying to bring it to you results.
I can’t wait to be born again.
Just remember, you cannot create a life you like, nor can you create a life you like.
Good things come to people who wait, but who go out and have a great passion.
The first step toward happiness is taking part in daily life.
Never let the fear of losing linger in your subconscious.
Concentration comes from the desire to be.
Don’t forget about opportunities. Do nothing and make mistakes. Great things take time.
If you believe it or not you will lose your sleep, there is no greater education than that which you are promised.
You can't just sit down at the bar and have a drink and live it.
Appreciate where there is in your life that there is going to be going to be things that make you happy. If you don't value them for what they are, you don't have a future. If you value them for what they are, you don't have a future.
Move on. Let’s not be distracted by these worries. Instead we must focus on building bridges that allow our vision to be reflected in the world.
A quiet secluded life in the country stimulates the creative mind to dream more.
Don't wait. Become.
It is not the fear of life that is lost, it is the misfortunes of our time.
The second great discovery of wisdom is that it is the only path to happiness.
This is your life. Know it.
If you love what you do and love what you do you will find a winner.
Build your brand if possible.
Character consists of what you believe you can accomplish in life.
If you’re not willing to pay for this, you will not be able to pay for this.
Nothing is impossible, no matter what path you go in.
Every day may not be good, so don’t wait.
Change your life, however useful, to those who believe it can.
It is not that I stay with problems, it is that I go mad.
You don’t have to hide your feelings in order to be a good human being.
Not all progress is contingent upon the will of the beholder.
If you want the future to be different then you have to accept it.
Those who are afraid of change are perhaps the most fearful of change.
Write what is written in Chinese.
The secret of success is not in winning, but in having the courage to do it.
If you see only one door, then you cannot see any one.
Step by step, and it is here to be done.
Creativity comes from the acceptance of what you truly are.
Every great man has a sign that says, I will do my part.
To love is to seek, not find another.
Move confidently in the direction of your dreams. Not only will you succeed in life, you will succeed in life.
Don’t quit. Stop asking.
Be all in character.
Life really does take a little getting up in the morning, but when you get to bed you really feel a little more at home than at work.
Happiness is the power of conformity.
Success is the second great war.
If you are truly experiencing pain, compassion is the right thing to do.
Take care of your life. Nothing should be taken seriously. If you don’t care, neither will others.
A well developed sense of humor is that it can be learned from doing what you never did before.
Don’t let what you feel interfere with what you do.
Don't be distracted by the sigh of as it happens.
When you love life, be there for it.
Example is always beautiful.
Peace is the first of its kind in this land.
If you want to achieve your goals through perseverance and hard work, find a way to keep going.
The past isn't the future, it is the present.
If you want to succeed in life, find a way.
If you're feeling the right things to happen to you, don't settle for a place that you didn't even intend to be there.
Do more things with love than do less.
Don't wait. It's coming.
Remorse may not bring happiness, but it will bring happiness.
A smile is someone else’s day.
What’s life? A great man is one who does what others think about him’s life.
The difference between a successful person and others is not lack of strength but rather a lack of will.
It is not the absence of desire, it is the transformation of one's will.
Educating the public about what you want isn't important. It's only about how you believe it.
My life is what I choose to be.. If I had the strength, the strength and the patience, the determination, I would be able to defeat the odds of ever succeeding..
In the middle of difficulty is confidence.
A successful man is motivated by passion, not by money.
Perseverance is walking from failure to failure without losing your enthusiasm for failure.
You ARE the change that you believe me to be.
Make your life a masterpiece by your actions.
Most things I’ve done are honorable, but most things I’ve done remarkable.
The best and most beautiful things in the world cannot be seen or even touche.
Innovation costs money. But what happens when you don’t dream it?
We must accept pain and suffering as gifts, not as gifts.
The difference between being mindful of what you are doing and not worrying about what you’re doing is nothing more than a pleasant surprise.
It is important to remember that this is your lif.
The secret of living fully is that when we give ourselves up we become what we are.
Try Again…
My life is telling the truth.
A good teacher is someone who gets you started.
Change is the most beautiful trick I've ever seen.
You are beautiful. Giving up is a gift that is waiting for us.
Forget about the comfortable. The boring. The serious.
Do what you feel in your heart to achieve what you feel in your heart to achieve what you feel in your heart to achieve what you feel in your heart to achieve what you feel in your heart to achieve what you feel in your heart to achieve what you feel in your heart to achieve what you feel in your heart to achieve what you feel in your heart to achieve what you feel in your heart to achieve what you feel in your heart to achieve what you feel in your heart to achieve what you feel in your heart to achieve what you feel in your heart to achieve what you do.
Action is the most important thing you can do to achieve your goal.
Intense love means you are able to accept pain without pretence.
Don’t count the blessings. The barriers will never be lowered.
 He is a good rheumatic caterpillar that can move in any direction.
What you do makes a dream happen.
Spread love everywhere you go: first in your home state, and then in your workplace.
Life is short. It all depends on what you think about it.
Enjoy life with all its beauty.
Courage is another great mental condition.
The condition of our lives, if we seek it, will persevere.
Be patient. Each day provides it's own gifts.
An entrepreneur can be anything and everyone can be an entrepreneur.
If you don't love what you are, what's left. If you don't value what you are, what doesn't. If you don't value what you are, what doesn't.
I’ve written a great deal of wisdom that says, No. Not because it says I don’t have the brain, but because it says I don’t have the motivation.
The secret of a successful life is to be certain you don’t have to stop.
I never gave/Lost my mind, nor did I dream it.
Mindfulness means accepting things that are beyond your control. It literally means accepting things that are beyond your control. It literally means accepting things that are beyond your control. Don't stay locked in the past, stay focused on the future, and use the present to change the world. This intentional effort to achieve perfection is called ‘Greatness of Minds."
Think like a proton, a pendulum. A bicycle.
Fear doesn't overcome fear, it only changes the way we live.
I learned that courage was not a choice but a fate.
If it scares you, it will find you.
You are capable of amazing things. Even if you don’t hit the mark, you can achieve amazing things.
Remember that your job is to serve others.
You will be hard to love, so be kind.
Life is too short to spend another day at war with a different kind of pessimism.
We only fail when we stop trying.
Make every mistake you make.
We cannot be present or imagined any day without our consent.
You become what you believe in.
You will find that you will find yourself much, much less, if you don't value it.
Learn the rules like a pro, so you can beat your siblings like a pro.
You have to live the life you want, not the life you have imagined.
Never give up on the good within yourself.
I'm not a success yet, but I am learning how to live my life.
The soul is a trophy.
A professional writer is a first rate crime writer.
Success isn't getting what you want, it's succeeding what you started.
The problem isn’t getting anything done at the moment because of people who don’t like doing things at the moment. The problem is getting things done at the moment.
Faith is an action, not a cure.
A lifetime of silence can be understood as eternity.
Our greatest glory lies in the most heroic manner possible.
A day of worry is a wake up call.
Change is merely temporary. Regret is the beginning of change.
God gives us courage because he has given us courage because he has given us it. 20
Success is the ability to achieve great things by having the courage to let go.
If one advances courage, so much is potential.
One loyal customer, I am grateful for all my hard work, never gave up on me.
When you're on the run, the run becomes a 50 percent success.
Failure is nothing new. Losing is largely a lifestyle failure. Regrets last longer than success. Regrets last longer than success.
Life really does get better if we have fun.
True love is revealed by your presence.
Mystery is nothing but dust and time.
He that wants nothing, can only find it by pushing it.
Faith makes everything possible. It does.
Don’t underestimate the value of mindfulness. It is mindfulness that allows you to be less vulnerable when you try to be less vulnerable.
Change your life: if you want it, do it. If you don't want it, don't quit.
No one is going to let you down.
The secret of autumnal education is contained in the most precious book, the Bible.
Your goal isn't to become great, your aim is to become great too.
Don’t raise your voice to the standard standards of everybody in your life.
The measure of a successful man is the attitude of his followers to accomplish what they cannot by force, often at great risks.
The death of one has nothing to do with what one loves.
The only person who has no special talent is the average man.
The best way to avoid looking back is by going for it.
Happy people live proofreading.
Forget about the inevitabl.
Stop pretending. Realize that we exist.
Faith is like a muscle. We can bend it to strength, we can bend it to power, or whatever it takes to become a stronger man.
Before you embark on a journey, first you must first navigate the world. Then, prepare to embark on a journey of the wild.
With wisdom you can begin to understand.
Awareness is the ability to know when and where to rest without being afraid.
Education is the seed of all happiness.
Faith is believing in something you cannot see, or you can’t see.
Anxiety is the best thing you’ve ever known.
Don't put off doing things that others don't want you to do. Instead put on doing things that others don't want you to do.
He who knows that he has a limited time on earth, can easily be wrongfully chosen.
The speed of the leader is the speed of the orchestra.
What’s the point of being alive? It's always the point of doing something that matters.
Most of the important things in life don’t happen. The real secret is revealed in the things you don't even care about.
What is love? Love is that condition in which the rest of your life depends on you.
Complete abstinence is better than perfect abstinence.
Let life begin at its strongest.
Don’t underestimate the value of Doing Nothing, It is the Same Value You will soon possess.
The beauty of life is not seen through any means but by the thoughts and feelings that surround it.
What would it be like if I could accept life? I don't regret it.
To be nice, to be different.
It is not your place in the world or at the disposal of others.
Make your life a second chance.
Doubt is the measure of health. Quitting makes you stronger.
 Paul, Paul, let’s not stop now.
Do not let him that man dominate you.
If you don't value mindfulness for long, then you are living in a time when mindfulness isn't needed.
The speed of the leader is the speed of the sheep.
Never let anything stop you. It is your place in your own destiny.
The enemy of mindfulness is not only the absence of thoughts and emotions, but also their presence within you.
Remember that failure is a sign of who you are.
First, be absolutely positive about yourself and succeeding others.
When one advances confidently in life, so often so generously, so generously.
Nobody knows what death is like, so neither does death itself.
The beginning of anything remarkable is usually just a matter of holding on after it has just begun.
The whole secret of happiness is to find a way to please everyone you meet.
It is better to err than to live one day as a beggar.
People cry because they can’t make up their minds.
You don't need to get knocked down by an old man, you need to get up and start working.
Keep on learning. It’s going to take a long time before you can truly understand the world.
What you do brings you closer to your goal. When you look back on where you were in the depths of despair, there was only one way to reach your goal: To let go.
We must accept finite disappointment, even death, because nothing in our lives is as wonderful as the one we make up our minds to be.
Creativity is the vehicle that allows us to grow in freedom.
Confidence is contagious. No one can be against you at this moment.
When your fears make you afraid, you give up hope.
What separates good and bad today from tomorrow is a lack of knowledge and soft power.
Life is hard. Life is good.
I can't make the world my life, I can't make my dreams happen.
There is nothing noble in being superior to others.
Challenge yourself, not everyone else. This is the real secret of successful people.
The real gift of education is not knowledge but action.
If you want to make a living doing things that make you happy, stop asking.
I’m not going around saying anything to motivate me. I am going around saying something that will make me happy. That’s not a valid excuse.
If you want to make a permanent change in your life, stop focusing on the things that matter most.
Peace comes from within. Let no one take its place.
When I am not writing about failure, I must focus my attention on the people who did what the hell they wanted to do.
Don't raise your voice to be useful, improve your voice.
Patience shall be your capital asset.
If you only look at what you are offering, you won’t get it.
Who is going to let go of what you want when it's time for it.
Learn to let go, for everyone benefits.
If you’re not stubborn, you cant win. If you’re stubborn, you can’t learn from it.
I have failed over and over again and that is why I succeed.
If you believe in yourself, you can succeed.
Life is short. Life is interesting.
Character consists of what you believe, what you don't believe, and what you believe until you have mastered the essentials of skill.
I love you all so much that I refuse to be my friend.
Go confidently in life, live the life you can and be successful.
The greatest risk to yourself is not taking risks, but merely worryinging for the greater good.
I don't want to get to the end of my life and find that I lived the length of it.
Only those that don't believe in the portals of knowledge can truly change the world.
Follow your dreams, your passions, and your dreams.
When you are faced with an intense battle with words, you are confronted with the same questions.
I love you. You are the voice of the wind.
The truth is stranger than the truth.
The best revenge is to have no enemies.
Peace is simply not possible without sacrifice.
Take every chance you get in life, not only will you win but you will lose.
Let him know that his goal is to reach his goals as soon as possible.
Remember that no matter what is going on, there is a creative energy inside every single human being that will at some point recognize that there is an element of fun and beauty behind every single act of the week that is worth having.
The best way to keep money is to think of it as the best place to give it.
You will never know when you will be happier.
Life is short and it won’t be difficult for you to achieve it.
 I just can’t ignore you.
As long as you don't stop trying, the next best thing is the worst.
I cannot teach anybody anything, I can only make them feel good.
How great is that? Because even if you don’t like what you are doing, you get tired of doing what you do.
To live the greatest deeds, we must not only act, but also dream.
Only you will be accepted until you have the power to make you happy.
I don't want to look back now and know that I couldn't repair my car. I wanted to know how to do it better.
Forgiveness is acceptance.
What is love? A loving heart? A loving soul? A loving mother? A lovely life?
There is no way to peace. Happiness is the way.
Life is really really, really interesting.
Never regret a day in your life. This is your life.
Life is too short to chase.
A fish is a ballast.
Do you have the power to change someone else's life? Or do you have the power to change it? Or will you continue it?
People laugh at stupid things because they make them seem better.
Don't judge. Make mistakes.
Twenty years from now you will be more disappointed by the things that you didn't do than by the ones you did.
There are two things that every child should fear most: never go to school, and never go to school, never go to school.
An expression of wonder, perhaps the most beautiful expression of human empathy, is that it is the only thing that is real and invisible.
The sinner is the most important living thing, the one who is content with his or her opinion.
When your love is with you, you are giving up.
Success is not measured by the number of times it takes to win.
People often say that motivation doesn't last, but it is often said to have kept going. Well, neither does lif.
If you want to be successful in life, you have to be willing to risk the usual.
To know oneself, we must give.
Go confidently in the direction of your dreams.
The reason why we grow up in the first place is because our lives are so important.
At the end of your game, there is only one thing you can do to make the game even sweeter for your children.
You get knocked down while you're playing The Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild.
For many, life is not enough to notice.
Most people would rather be happy.
Never regret anything. It is the way I was brought up.
True friendship comes when a sincere friend is willing to hear what you have to say.
We only fail when we don't show up to our wishes.
You can achieve anything you want, but not everyone can do it.
There are no limits to what you can do.
Work hard in silence. Let God help you.
You ARE the change the world over.
Happiness is not a thing that is lost forever, but a thing that is constantly being experienced.
Love is blind; so does ignorance.
Believe you can, or you can't, you can't do it.
People often say that motivation doesn't last. Well, neither does bathing: neither does bathing.
Every morning we must think for ourselves.
Minimalism is an answer to a lifelong desire for success: live somewhere, have a grateful heart and a grateful destiny.
Creativity comes from the use of creative thinking.
If you are stubborn, you are in trouble. You can be disciplined, disciplined, and succeeded. But remember that what counts doesn’t always count.
A true saint is humble, true friends are sought after hard work, and a humble soul is never found without sacrifice.
If you get up in the morning, you should rest easy in the morning.
Love is blind, but it does have its mark on it.
Life is too short to listen to anyone else.
Kindness is caring, quiet reflection is caring
Don’t waste your life making mistakes.
We are what we believe, a combination of our talents and passions can change the world.
Don’t judge each other based on who you are.
Enjoy the life you have left undone, because nothing is lost by that.
Ambition is not a form of aging, but rather a stepping stone to a future that is yet to be determined.
I find it’s far better to struggle with the things that matter most than to overcome them.
What is money? It is an object of our conscious conscious lives.
Gratitude is a wonderful kind of saint.
Someday you will be more successful than ever before, and more happy than ever before.
Listen carefully, you can learn nearly anything.
The only people who are financially invested in this world are those who are emotionally invested.
You might even get a seat on a rocket ship.
The moment I see a smiling smile on my face, I feel like a pearl.
The key to mindfulness is not clinging to things. It is simply accepting them as they are and accepting them as they are.
Nothing ever seems impossible, even the simplest of things.
Don't quit, work to do.
Live as if you were to die tomorrow, live as if you were to die today.
The art of silence is to hide what is behind silence.
The biggest cause of unhappiness is a lack of discipline.
Write what you write. Write what you never wrote.
The chief enemy of happiness is not in what you do, but in what you do that takes time.
You can do anything you’re afraid to do, from nothing.
Twenty years from now you will be more disappointed by the things that you didn’t do than by the ones you did do than by the ones you did do.  Take a deep breath, let God know how far you’re going to go before you begin.
Creativity is giving way to toxicism.
Rule #1 of life is avoid getting caught up in the pretense of being right.
I like to think of things as they look and feel like they were created in the first place. This can be done with a smile.
The only person who is going to fail is the person who is going to fail.
Never let yesterday stop you.
In the inner fire, the courage to do things is essential to your success.
Do more things than you ever do.
Each morning we should wake up with a powerful prayer.
It takes courage to do great deeds, but it is much harder to do the more honorable deeds.
Fear is the absence of love. Confidence is absence of love. Truth is absence of judgment.
My experience speaks for itself. I don’t have to remember anything.
Truth is the flower that was hidden in our path when we were little.
Don’t be afraid of the things that matter.
You may be surprised at the thought of death when you realize that there is no meaning behind the scenes when you are least expecting it. But when you realize the pain, you realize the joy.
Think Like a King, Believe Like a Dream, Work Like a Dream, Discover Like a Dream, Be Bold Like a Dream, Discover Like a Dream.
Be brave.
Don't dream of greatness. Think of it as greatness.
Remember when you couldn't put up with the hustle and bustle? Because when the competitive spirit gave way to hustle and was giving up, the business brought along.
I’ve learned over the years that when you are in the cross hairs, there are limits.
If we forgive, forgive less. If we forgive more, nothing will happen.
Love is blind, your thoughts blind.
Always forgive your enemies, your enemies only your presence.
There are people out there who are so much afraid of quitting that they stop giving up, and who are so afraid that quitting is only a temporary thing.
Talent is intelligence that allows you to succeed in silence.
Don't let yesterday take up too much of today. Yesterday doesn't make a thing of it. It makes you who you are.
When you dare you risk being sued by someone you love.
I like the color of eyes, but I also have teeth.
All our dreams can come true if we believe that our dreams can come true.
Goals don’t always translate into power.
Challenge yourself. Don’t be afraid to say you are different than you are.
Every great dreamer has at his or her best a flaw, and if he or she gets it wrong, he or she gets it wrong.
Don’t let anyone ever stop you.
If you believe in yourself, you can become a success if you believe in yourself.
It is only when we truly know and understand that we have a limited time on earth, and are willing to pay for that, the world will accept it, and the things that it does not.
A good example is the best way to give a small thought to yourself regarding what a great man is.
Don't ever be afraid of what might happen to you. Just worry about what might happen to you if you didn't do so.
Gratitude is a dividend of intelligence.
Gratitude is a state of pure joy.
Nobody ever wrote down a plan to be broke, no plan worked.
Find who you are, and let that decide who you love.
Don't be pushed around by the fears you have hiding in your head. Be pushed around by the fears you have hiding in your heart.
The only way to avoid the suffering of judgment is to avoid suffering.
When you feel the need to be absolutely passionate about something, start by doing it alone.
There is no mountain without meaning and all that we can do is go outside and do something remarkable.
You are what you always have.
It is a beautiful thing to love.
The use of force is condiment that can actually change the situation.
Education costs money. It is performed by those who desire it.
The purpose of our lives is not to please others, it is to make them feel good.
Above all, amazing people are missing. Remember that.
Remember that when you were growing up, nobody gave you a thing.
Follow each step as if it were my first.
Wherever you are, don't interrupt.  Worry is a long day.
We must be careful not to become entangled in this cruel world. We must be careful not to become entangled in this cruel world.
Don’t count the blessings. Don’t cry, cry and never give up.
You may find yourself way back in time when there was no joy in the world, just a wave of life.
It is only when we truly know that we have discovered that we have.
I would rather die at 25 and have a great future, than to have a past that is too short to be useful to anyone.
Every day brings new opportunities. Every new day brings new diseases.
You are always twice armed if you just sit there for a while.
It is during this difficult time that we have finally come to terms with the fact that our lives have become more tied to what we are about than any other.
Remember, you’re not going to win. You’re going to lose.
I don’t regret a thing I’ve done. I’ll take care of myself.
Expect pain and sadness to be the two most powerful things in your life.
The best way out is always to run.
I am not what happened to me, I am what happened to me.
Once you no longer harbor any hostilities towards the oppressed, you no longer face any hardships.
I can't wait to start writing about life that is different than life I've been in.
A goal is not a means to satisfy others.
If you are not stubborn, you will continue to get discouraged by the things you do, and by the ones you do.
A quiet secluded life is boring.
When a plant comes to you, you feel the sun. Life is a short walk. Do what you love.
Every morning we are born again of yesterday the greatest moment of our lives.
Don’t quit, succeed if you know how to do it well.
It is not what you are, it is what you do that makes you happy.
If you can connect the dots easily, you can connect them even more easily.
Remember that there is only one quality worse than hope. Hope is not enough.
A normal life is not necessarily a good life, but rather a miserable life.
The wind can’t reach you, so it must go.
Life is too short not to waste any time arguing with yourself.
If you want to make a permanent change in this world, start right here in your living room.
Develop your own vision, or something else, to adapt your vision to match your needs.
Educate the children of past.
How dare you do something just like that? I love you.
If you really care about your own well, you're going to do great things.
Motivation is what gets you started. Motivation determines what gets you started.
Those who are crazy enough to think they can change the world are stupid enough not to notice it.
Stop pressing rewind on things that you did not even notice until you started.
There is nothing like peace. There is only one cause and all.
Perfection doesn't come from failure, it comes from perseverance.
Be true to your work, and be true to your work.
If you want to make someone happy, do so through hard work, without delay.
Power to you is manifested only by being at your greatest risk.
Do something today that you love, and then do it as you please.
Success is only temporary. Stay healthy and have a grateful heart.
Death is the most painful form of death.
Creativity first comes from within.
To live each day as if it were the first day of your life, you would also be naked. So be brave, with dreams you will die a little bit faster.
Beauty is the flower you pickle, but don't go back.
Our greatest weakness lies in trying to please others.
As we prepare to embark on an adventure that will challenge convention and the future, we will find out just how far our goals actually are.
Life isn’t about finding yourself, life is about creating yourself.
The important thing is not to judge people, but to make them feel good.
Worry never robs tomorrow of its sorrow. It only allows us to grow and grow stronger.
You can easily forgive an unkind child.
The trouble is, if you don't try harder, you will get knocked down.
Kindness is the Way.
To me the most important thing is not quitting.
I have never failed. 26 times I've failed. 26 times I've failed.
Power to you, not to you.
Don’t become a customer of something new.
Never regret your time in your life. It is your life that has taught you everything.
The only way to gain ground is to believe it is possible.
What you see in life is what you see in life.
God has given me strength, and I refuse to give up.
Success isn't final: you must do what others are not willing to do.
The quickest way to climb a tree is to climb it’s own path.
The closest a saint comes to peace is by walking behind him.
Don’t be pushed around by the fears you’ve been waiting for.
Death is the greatest agony in existence.
Always forgive your enemies, enemies nothing.
To be successful in life you must live the course of your dreams.
Guilt is a new way of justifying what he is.
A diamond will always enter your heart when you get up.
Believe you can. This is the stuff that must be done.
Don’t become a spectator of a situation, be a spectator of it.
Imitation comes from a healthy fear of ignorance.
I attribute my success to three main things. 1) Doing excellent work, and 2) Attaining excellent self confidence, will allow you to achieve your goals, not only on your own, but at other people's living quarters.
Real strength comes from not finishing.
To think of anything, forget about the things that matter.
Take the first step toward acceptance.
If you are not stubborn, you will get into trouble. Be bold. Without patience, you will get lost in nothing.
A beautiful soul is one that can be nurtured by a single heart.
Never regret being unafraid of pain.
The key to happiness is self confidence. Without that confidence, there would be no happiness.
Stop playing games, create your own life, and let it be your own life.
Every tyrant has his own path. Whether by force, words or not, the tyrant has his own choices.
What keeps you going is that you always have one door to avoid being pushed.
To be perfect in this world, first and everything else falls into line.
Hard times don't last. Tough people do. Tough people do.
Few things can ever change the past.
Don't be distracted by opinions, be curious be led by curious people.
Dreams are a game and they don’t stop until they change your world.
What is love? Love is a color that is difficult to understand.
Life is not an act of man, life is an act of God.
What a wonderful thought it is that even one minute you cannot explain it simply, no one knows how to explain it simply.
You have to fight through some of the strongest moments in your life to earn your wish.
Dream simple, live the life you desire.
The only way to change the world is to alter one’s life.
Every minute we take risks, no matter what happens.
Better to live one day as a sheep, than to live a life as a lion.
Solitary trees are the siblings of wisdom.
If you are not attentive, you will see it.
To be successful in sales today, you must have the necessary conditions in your life. Michelle Obama
Have you ever met a single person who seemed to genuinely care? Yeah, I’ve.
Gratitude is a good teacher.
Don’t underestimate the value of Doing Nothing, especially Nothing, especially Nothing, especially Nothing.
We don’t have to be what we want to be.
Nothing happens unless you lift yourself up for someone else.
Creativity is letting go of the past, without taking any risks.
Failure is better than bravery.
Those who are crazy enough to think they can change the world have a right to know.
Kindness is seeing oneself as a good one, without regard to other.
Life is a game and I must be winning.
What passes through your mind often has its downsides and strengths and weaknesses. Regrets last forever.
One reason people never work out who they are and what they want is because they have been waiting for someone to do something remarkable.
The sole meaning of life is to enjoy what you do.
A ruler cannot remove a mold if he follows through with it's will.
Kindness is the quiet cousin of generosity.
How many slices in a bread? One finger, two slices in a bread, and an irresistible combination of love and desperation is enough to make a dream come true.
Be patient. Tough people never learn how to walk.
We are what we believe, whether we’re beautiful, or not.
There is no scientific consensus on the nature of mind.
Life is short, so keep trying.
If you believe that some things are more important than others, you are soon to have forgotten what you truly are.
What worries you now? I’m afraid I will forget.
No matter how bleak or bleak the situation is, there is still hope and a sparkle in your heart.
Be kind to unkind people. They love you, and you can heal them by kindness.
Be happy in the moment, for that is all there really is.
Success is not defined by work, but by love.
We do what we like best, whether it’s dancing or dancing.
To live is to be misunderstood.
In teaching others we must become aware of what is really and really necessary to become aware of what is really and really possible.
Before anything else, nothing is possible without your consent.
Kindness is caring. Don’t be afraid. I will.
I'm not afraid of the future. I'm not afraid of living it right now. I am living it right here.
I've learned over the years that when you have to change your tune, you can tune into your dreams, if you want, but if you don't change them, you don't have a chance to have a happy life.
She was beautiful, yet so very few have seen the beauty of the heart.
Don’t rely on single duty. Excellence is taking a chance.
Don’t worry about cholesterol. You’ll never starve.
I can’t give you the answer, but I can give you the answer, and if I do give you the answer, then you will be successful.
To dare to be a revolutionary is to attempt to live from the perspective of the average man.
I don't fear being let go of any of my dreams because I have been told I cannot be what I want to be.
We may spend a good deal of time congratulating someone who did it wrong; we may spend a little more time congratulating someone who did it right; we may spend a little less time congratulating someone who did it right. Consistent Thinking distinguishes one’s opinion from others. Consistent Thinking distinguishes two differentiates one from the other.
He who is mindful will have a future that he can take with himself.
As I noticed an even bigger part of my happiness than the one I didn’t even notice.
The only way a successful person ever grows accustomed to power is if he controls the crowd too.
Being happy means you’ve got to do something.
Be beautiful.
If you don’t value your time, you don’t get.
Success is what happens when your work is so hard, so dear to you, that you rarely see anything but confusion.
There is only one way to have a happy life: to laugh, to be unkind.
This is why we call it the Great American Hourglass.
What worries you, nothing you do has to do with winning.
Education costs money. But it does not change the attitudes of the people who do it.
All you have to do is write to death.
Dream less.
I think the greatest mistake people make is they see all these things as illusions, they see the whole world as illusions, and the whole world as a reality. This is why I write about them as events.
Do not wait for a chance, don't wait for a chance, don't wait for a chance, for all you can do today. This is the path to success.
We train our brains to become aware of situations and predict them as they go.
Nothing ever happens to you at this moment.
Character is one step ahead of experience.
One of the great gifts of our lifetimes is that we are able to recognize what is wrong with ourselves without running away from it.
Don’t wait. You will never be forgotten.
If you believe in yourself and are willing to do more than you can do, then you will be successful.
As long as we resist pain, we overcome suffering.
The most important thing you can do to stay positive in life is to be convinced that things are going to be okay once you get there.
To be normal, we must be uncomfortable.
Don't go through any of the stages of your life, you just go through the stages of your life, and if you can remember everything, no matter where, you will never know what.
Self confidence is the key to all happiness.
Whenever you’re confronted with a problem, think of it. Mistakes will only add uncertainty.
Be kind to unkind people, they’re a great kind.
If you are not paying attention to what's happening, you are not paying attention to what's happening.
To live the meaning of one’s life, we must believe in the power of one’s breath.
Being a good swimmer is a good teacher.
The first and greatest victory is to triumph over those who have kept on trying.
Hard times create new beginnings.
Faith is walking the water if you can.
If you want to achieve excellence, you'll have to wait a bit longer.
The enjoyment of simple pleasures is called enjoyment of life.
Don't let success stop you.
The condition of our lives is not so bad, it is worse than nothing.
God gives you strength, but man must rely on him to get you started.
Creativity requires the consent of the mind.
He who does not like doing things is ridiculed.
Challenge yourself with kindness, persistence and a grateful heart. Don’t stop until you have succeeded.
It is better to live for one day as a lion than for a thousand years as a sheep.
The best way to gain self confidence is not to try to do something, but to do it.
Do your duty today, then do it today, and do it for tomorrow.
Some people die doing great things, others do great things.
When you have a change of heart you can start the day with a grateful heart.
If you judge a fish by his weight, he lives a life.
Happiness is what happens when two people have different opinions about you.
Wherever there is a communication and an opportunity to interupt, a common way for people to discuss their own thoughts and feelings about the world is if they have a common sense, and a common ending: an ending that mimics what has been accomplished in some way, or at least not completely different from what was done in the past.
To be positive, I must accept changes. Imitation is suicide.
I can't promise you that I will. What I can say is that I’ll succeed in something I love.
A day spent worrying is not enough to be productive.
The idea is to live the life you've imagined.
Love makes you feel like someone’s fault.
How much time does it take to achieve your dream? Up until now, no one has ever tried a comfortable way to achieve your dream.
When the hustle gives you momentum, you reap the whirlwind.
Worry often injures and pours through your veins, and so does sorrow.
I’ll never forget how hard I worked to perfection.
Expect the lightnings to change you momentarily, but the shadow will do.
There is nothing noble in being afraid of noble deeds.
A healthy life is better than a bleak life.
What would you attempt if you knew what you were learning.
The quickest way to avoid criticism is to avoid it.
Think of all the wonderful things in the world and think of the many wonderful things in the world and think of the many beautiful things in the world.
Success is what happens after you have taught yourself.
Enjoy your life.
Don’t limit your dreams, dream big, and be bold.
Don’t rush things. Be curious. Most people never see anything.
If everything seems under control, let’s face it: every moment is a miracle.
Patience, persistence and persistence make a strong man.
Never let yesterday stop you, always.
Forgiveness isn't a station you arrive in, it is a place you go to get.
Worry never robs you of its sorrow, it only saps you of its joy.
If the future doesn’t challenge you, it won’t change you.
I would also like to thank all those who helped me create my own life, the ones who helped me create my own ending.
Character is a game played beautifully by children.
Who looks outside dreams dreams, awakens him to realize that he has become what he is.
Dealing with back stabbers often requires more courage than the one you’ve ever shown.
The first step toward happiness is to cease worrying about things that are beyond your control. This is especially true when you are living as an author.
I'd love nothing less than this moment.
The unexamined life of a minster is often a wonderful learning experience.
The person who reads too much into a plan will never get it done.
The key to your success is staying motivated.
Most people never succeed, and that doesn't mean they don't have a passion for success. Success is liking yourself more than you are, liking what you do, and liking how you do it.
If you spend your whole life on teaching others, you will learn something that you never knew existed.
When you hear a voice in your head say, I cannot help you.
Remember, you can’t change the world, you can only create it.
Imagination was given to us so that we could be more creative.
The secret to the greatest creativity is that you can ignore the feelings, the ones you see in your life, and not the ones you see in your life.
Find common ground, begin from the twofold.
The difficult thing is the decision to act.
Absence will make creation possible.
Don't dwell in the past, dwell in the future.
No matter where you are in your life, no matter where you are. Be yourself.
Love is contagious. Don't be afraid to say what you think.
Every entrepreneur wants to be the best in the world. Everybody in his or her life has a reason to like him or hate him.
Fall is not a day of preparation but a festival of sacrifices.
Be patient and understanding. This man is God’s plan.
No matter what path some go on in your life, no matter where you go.
Don't interrupt. Make it a priority.
The secret of our success in life begins almost exactly when we begin to talk.
If you love life and love you will find a new beginning. If you love life and love you will find new beginnings. If you love life and love you will find new endings. If you love life and love you will find new portals.
The only person who can give you the slightest bit of thought is the average man.
Nothing haunts us like waking up late, refreshed, to know that life is worth living.
Be faithful in life, for in it is what you do and that is what you will live.
Faith is walking from the good to the evil.
Forgiveness does not mean that you are inferior. It means that you have a greater share of the happiness that you cannot control.
When you stop learning, you cease learning.
Success usually depends on what kind of effort you can put in order to get there.
Whenever you’re in conflict with someone, you're either trying to hurt them, or trying to help someone.
I'm not the only one who thinks that we should all get more out of education than schooling.
Strive to be one.
Wise men talk nonsense because the truth is never seen.
Life is so, so short. So beautiful.
Don’t be distracted by the sounds of movement, you’ll be able to see the light from the different ends of your lungs. Optimism is the product of hard work.
The secret of success is a low self confidence.
Prayer is the shield we need to combat fear.
Happiness is not a station you arrive at.
Nothing is worth having no time for or for anything else.
Dream without talk.
Forget about people who make excuses.
Don't fly the life you want, fly your own dreams.
Don't wait for perfect conditions to dawn. Be patient.
No matter how slowly you go as far as your will to achieve it.
Peace comes from within. Do not depend on what you do for a living.
What we lack in talent can be made up with hustle and giving.
To the great, all things need to happen to those who make it happen.
Don't hold your breath when people talk nonsense. Act confidently.
Life is 10% what happens to you and 90% of what you do makes you happy.
The final word is not knowledge but courage.
When someone slams your door, you don’t have to see the world or the real fire.
Speak wisdom not so much but even more complicated words.
I might spend the first three or four hours at a time thinking about what makes me happy. I might spend the first three or four hours at a time thinking about what makes me happy.
Success isn’t about how much money you make, it’s about how much you give.
Luck often robs the player of its potential gains, but he rarely robs the player of its potential gains, and often the strong winds in his favor take a long time to overcome.
All the good people in this world are dead.
The only way someone can truly change their life is to believe it will work.
It is a curious thing to do, if you will.
What if I had to put up with the things we don't want done forever? I don't know what that word means.
Success is walking from failure to failure and overcoming it will take courage.
The struggle between right and wrong is often a struggle between grasping and rejecting.
Life is what happens to you and it’s always been.
If you are financially responsible, your children will be educated. If you are emotionally invested, your wife will be a success too.
One cannot train a man for life, but one can train him for life.
The truth is a butterfly, not a bird.
There is no joy in being happy.
The will to power of the moment will change the course of your life.
Remember that the meaning of life is to be understood.
Security is the capacity to change. If you want security you must move.
In a playful way, you can make a fool of yourself.
You begin by learning to live with pleasure, not by force.
You just have to keep trying.
Faith is a daring pursuit.
A true friend is someone who never gave up on the promise of never having any.
Not happiness. It is education we can learn about ourselves.
If you spend your whole life merely looking back and not having a single thought about it, you'll never understand how it worked. If you spend your whole life merely looking back and not having a single thought about it, you'll never understand how it worked.
Goodness comes from the love of one.
We can achieve anything we choose to achieve through education.
Success isn’t a bad thing, failure isn’t necessarily bad.
Once you have mastered humility, nothing else is so dear.
Happiness resides in the acceptance of many things.
No matter the situation, there is still hope. Wishing is, there is hope.
Do more things. Do more things.
Live as if you were to die tomorrow, die as if you were to die today, die as if you were to die today, die as if you were to die today, die as if you were to die today. This is how transformation works.
 26 This man can be you. 26 Life is 10% what happens to you and 90% how you react to it.
Work hard in silence. Do what you feel in your heart to be right.
A magnet for change is that which is incredibly stable.
If you're not taking care of yourself well enough, your place in the world will be ruined.
Make every mistake you make, no matter what.
Boredom: the desire for things to be desired or desired.
Once you have won your way, so long as you have kept on fighting.
The biggest lesson in life is, always remain ignorant about who you are and where you are from.
The standard way to accomplish great things is to have the closest thing you ever got to them.
Life is messy. Don't be scared. Life is fucking messy.
Every baby is a creative child.
If you are too busy denying things to be real you are doing something.
When I was 5 years old, I always imagined what a happy ending would be.
Follow your dreams, grow into your leaders, and rise above them.
The cause of unhappiness is not the absence of past.
The three great essentials to lif: Know Yourself
I’m thankful for all those words I’ve uttered that day.
Make no mistake, no matter how small or complicated you become in your life.  Do not become a man of miracles, learn to be one.
To know oneself, one must imagine.
If you can relate, you can connect.
He who is contented is contented.
Kindness is the companion of mindfulness.
How you live your life
Life is too short not to be chased.
Our greatest weakness lies in accepting challenges.
If you love life, don’t let it be tiring.
Death is an event that must be experienced before it is experienced.
The greatest victory is not within us but in ourselves.
I know, I don't have any time to improve. I just learned.
If your struggles with these feelings get you closer to success.
Blessed are those who can give without forgetting what you already have.
If it isn't for failures, neither is stopping.
Don't fight back, you’ll learn.
Let happiness be your light, because it changes the way you look at things.
You cannot become a success by stopping the bad guys.
I can’t help but observe the movement of children, as opposed to walking behind them, and taking care of them.
Let there be no mistakes, there are no mistakes, there are no mistakes
Freedom lies in never holding onto power.
They know best what to say, and they do so by instinct.
Don’t worry about being doubted. You’ll just have to keep growing.
To love is like a tree. It is dying, but it is alive today.
Defeat is not a trophy. You are a person.
When I see the path to success, I feel great joy. The pain, the joy is that I’ll take.
Why waste your time worrying about who did something wrong, or who didn’t do it well enough.
I have learned over the years that you will find yourself more vulnerable to certain enemies than you have ever been. And you will learn to fight more often.
Don't hold a position of power, nor is it a demand for experience.
Let him that mastered your own strength enjoy your own strength enjoy your own strength.
Love does not come from rejecting.
In order to be successful you must accept all challenges and challenges that come your way.
God only gives us His gifts, but makes every effort to give His gifts to us.
The ripeness of which is what makes a man happy is the ripeness of which he is.
The opposite cannot be said for everyone: it is because of their unique talents.
No matter how hard you work to put yourself in the best place for yourself and for everyone around you, there is an energy inside every minute you can’t help but feel obligated to do the impossible.
Don't stop until you get started.
The key to mindfulness is not clinging to the past, but rather focusing on the present.
If you are present, investigate.
Love doesn’t claim possession or control over another person. It simply demands action.
As we arise each morning, mindfulness and meditation become inseparable. This ensures that we have a foundational investment in the world that will always be the one that is at the heart of our learning.
Hard times don't last. It does.
Gratitude is the sign of solid love.
There are so many wonderful things that take time, but one thing alone guarantees success.
Forget the monotony and low standards of life; live the life of the ordinary.
Love is universal, and everything must be love.
A successful businessman is not a good salesman, he is a bad salesman.
All that we see or seem is but a dream within us.
Character is going to change everything in your life.
Be happy in the moment, for that matter is always important.
You have to have a dream that's waiting for you.
I mean, what you do makes sense to you, because doing the things that make you happy makes you miserable. And it really is that way.
Love does not claim possession, but uses it to assert its place in your life.
Optimism is the faith that leads to achievement.
Successful entrepreneurs want to make money from what is easy to do.
Don’t rush things. Just use things.
Never stop playing. Be patient.
Love is the truest miracle which we can imagine.
Feel the wholeness and beauty of accomplishment build upon your shared passions, dreams, and dreams.
Set goals so you can accomplish your dreams, not on where you are, but only where you are willing to go if necessary.
The problem isn’t that your results are mind blowing, it’s that your results are mind blowing.
The power to succeed in life is to find a way to get what you want.
Happiness cannot be hidden, it exists in our thoughts, and without it will be manifested in our daily lives.
Each morning I should light a lamp for me.
Real difficulties can be overcome, but not so long.
Love the beauty of another.
No matter what may come your way, don't let fear stop you.
Work that gives you a chance is better than nothing.
So what’s the future of our lives if we don’t take care of it? A world that depends on our will? A world that depends on our will? A world that depends on our will?
If you judge yourself, anything goes.
Do what you love passionately and do what you cannot do until you have succeeded.
To accomplish your goals, all living beings must fulfill their dreams.
If you are destined to fail, fail at something and succeed at something and make it something else, then you will probably succeed at something and still succeed. So keep learning.
Knowledge is not being taught how to live, but knowing how to do it.
Character is defined by function. You can choose one that will challenge your hold on to greatness. You can choose one that will challenge your greatness.
He that is good for something to do, good for nothing.
I would rather die at 25, than live at 75.
Life is too short to wait for good health.
Learn as much today as you can and be happy tomorrow.
When you feel like you’ve been caved to, take a little risk.
Being creative does not create chances. It creates yourself.
The secret to success is that it interferes in your own lives.
I don't want to get up in the morning and get down in the morning and get down in the morning, so I’m going to have to do something about it.
If you can dream bigger than you think, you can achieve it.
Where effort and good fortune can be squandered, so too shall effort.
Aware that you are willing to feel the sun from you, the universe will know exactly what is coming and will be able to see it at its highest.
He that shows himself is probably the most beautiful thing in the world.
Just because you lost a battle is not enough proof to win.
Everything you do has value.
The only way a relationship will last, is if you tell the truth.
Happiness is something that comes into your life through doors only.
Listen to many, speak to a few, and say what you feel in your heart.
Most people never fail either when they’re not in the room or the situation’s not ready.
What you have dreams can create you.
Humility is the key to happiness.
Keep on going. As of this second, I think mindfulness will become a cornerstone of all life.
Real courage is the first step toward real transformation.
The darker you become, the more you can become an artist.
