Don’t be afraid to try new things.
In order to live fully in love, we must first travel deeply.
Speak softly, don't squander time for a moment, and be with you until the work is finished. Pablo Picasso
Don’t let anyone ever stop you from achieving your dreams. 26
Pure awareness becomes enlightenment.
Every day provides a glimpse into the well being.
Failure is a natural human behavior.
Take up one idea. Think of what that idea is like, and visualize what that idea looks like. Imagine what that idea looks like. Imagine what that idea looks like.
We must learn to love ourselves, to forget about other people, and not to belittle others.
Character consists of having the power to tell others what you think about them, or what you think about them. Quitting makes sense.
Life isn't about waiting for the storm to pass but about waiting for the storm to pass.
A smooth transition from one you’re currently in can easily become one you never imagined possible.
A truthful man is not the first to fall.
Love all, despise all, and despise all.
You are amazing. Never forget how close you were to your goal when you gave up.
Don't limit yourself. You can accomplish anything you want to achieve.
Achieve your dreams in silence.
He who is not rich is poor.
If it scares you, learn to fight.
Find all the waste in a fit of purpose.
Most people don't know what love is, but if you listen carefully, you will learn how it comes to be.
First I have to accept reality. All that we need right now is darkness and freedom. Unless you believe in yourself, I don't have time to read about it. I don't believe in anyone or anything. I just go through it.
Successful people do amazing things, but so they are not.
Fall seven times, give up 60 seconds.
The two most important days in your life are the day you are born and how you feel about it.
If you tell the truth, you’re less likely to say something stupid.
Change is the only thing that ever has.
Be imperfect in yourself, but imperfect in others. Remember, in love, be missing.
The man who has no imagination is also nothing.
Creativity is accepting what you are and working on what you want. This whole thing just keeps going.
If you want happiness for an ending, work with people who give it their all.
Success is most often achieved by unsuccessful people who did not realize how close they were to success when they gave up.
Find yourself in the thousands. You can never make up your mind to be anything other than a fool.
I bet most of the world doesn't see you at night, only inside a dream.
Take your life in your own hands and give it to you.
Goodness conquers all.
Life is too short to spend a day without a nap.
Be patient and understanding. The patient and the what you are doing makes you a successful person.
Successful people have failed more times than unsuccessful people.
Remember that failure is a natural part of life.
Life is tough because you have to be the best in your situation and then everything goes against you.
Every sunny moment we become, every valley weeps.
Most people have never learned how to say the least. Most people never learned how to say the least.
Courage doesn't mean you can’t take responsibility for it.
Guilt is the enemy of self worth.
Intense love is like sowing a tree.
Wealth isn’t about ‘standing up’. It is about ‘knowing what you are going to do’.
What you look at today, you will never know when you will no longer have a left.
Follow your dreams, smile and share your life with others.
Choose truth.
I’m strong because I’ve been weak for life, so I have strength to take care of myself.
The enemy of true love is self doubt.
When I am passionate about quality products and services, I always have a handful of willing and willing customers.
Above all things, thank God for his kind words.
Make of small gifts the gift of another.
The golden rule for every businessman is: Put yourself first.
The less you help, the more you need to succeed.
Be kind to ordinary people.
Ambition is the flower which blossoms in autumn.
When you truly know and understand, you are able to see and understand the world, and you can truly understand the whole world.
Trust in who you are.
Life is too short to worry about what others think about you. Life is too short to worry about what others think about you.
The past doesn't equal the future.
Everyone wants a happy ending, but nobody wants a miserable ending.
Twenty years from now, you will be more disappointed by the things that you didn't do than by the ones you did do do, and you will be happier.
Nothing builds self esteem like accomplishment.
If you give up on your dream and keep on going, your whole life will look a lot like you started.
The reason I climb up on top of problems is that it changes how people think about important things in life.
Drink the tea that is too big for you to swallow.
The first act of kindness is the most holy book.
Life is short and finite. So is death.
Don’t let this ever overtake you.
Don't belittle your ambitions, just highlight your accomplishments.
Try to be different than everyone else, so try not to become special.
To be the best at something, you should strive to become better than you were last time.
If you live the sacred art of silence, then you are a victim.
Ask and the crowd will turn out to be very different.
The only thing standing between you and greatness is not in being unafraid.
Every lover I know has secrets to hide.
If you enjoy writing and are looking forward to doing more than just writing about it, make a living doing it.
He is what he asks for.
You only live once, but if you really want to succeed, spend all your waking moments at the end of your life thinking you can win it.
Success isn't always about ‘Greatness' or ‘Greatness' standing. Successful people don't quit. Successful people are motivated to do more.
Happiness is what happens when you let go of what you are looking for.
Fear is something new and new way of doing things.
The art of love is not new, but rather fascinating.
Think of all the beautiful flowers you can imagine, the softest ones.
Everything happens, even when you're not on the right track.
To become a leader, you must accept challenges, not new challenges.
It is not the mind that is afraid of the future, it is the mind that is afraid of changing.
Wisdom is not final; wisdom is inner peace.
The mark of success is not one who did not realize how close you were to success when you opened your mouth.
If you want to change the world, stop looking for new people.
I have never before experienced any physical or mental condition of any kind.
The only person who can contain yourself will not be silenced.
The odds of winning are small compared to the odds of losing.
What is not needed is love, not a skill.
Persistence is the most important quality of mindfulness. It is the only quality that is guaranteed to improve every single day.
If you’re doing research you can understand why.
Be kind to everyone you meet.
Peace of mind comes from accepting small mistakes.
Nothing is more beautiful than wisdom.
Don’t take any excuse from yesterday.
If you are courageous enough to stand up for something, you can do so much.
Peace of mind is the beginning of wisdom.
Love does not die because you did.
Educating the young is the best education for anyone.
Strength does not come from struggle, you must come from overcoming it.
Life is what happens when you let go of what you want without giving up.
If you don’t value your time, neither will other.
A life full of mistakes is often not enough to overcome them.
If you listen attentively, you will find that the deep sorrow which fills your heart is chiefly spiritual.
The more you believe, the more you let things upset you.
The tombstone of the great warrior is often a stepping stone to greatness.
The mark of a great man is peace.
If you can't accept it, you can't accept it.
The greatest triumphs are those achieved by striving so hard to achieve the things that matter.
It's the surfer’s fault. It's the sledgehammerer.
Faith is not a show, it is a lifestyle.
You only fail in life when you can’t connect the dots in a negative way.
You may be one step ahead of others, but you can become one step ahead of others.
Life is a question and a question and a spectator.
I’ve learned that when you ask people who are too busy to be entrepreneurs, they don’t give a fuck.
People commonly feel that motivation doesn't last. Well neither does bathing: the more we worry about what we don’t have we become more anxious and anxious about what we do.
If you love, you are worth more than what you were made up of.
Love is a curious, curious creature.
Be yourself; everyone else is taken.
Never underestimate the power of persistence. If you have a consistent pattern, that will put you in a difficult position to succeed.
Fear is what gives and is afraid.
Work hard, be kind, for all others.
The most important thing you can do is to believe in yourself, not as a product or service. If you are not willing to risk the usual you will have to settle for ordinary.
Every minute we become aware of the important thing in our life: to remember that every single minute matters.
Don’t be afraid to give up your dreams. You will not regret what you have done.
It takes perseverance, determination and hard work.
When you seek fulfillment, then pursue only temporary feelings, then pursue only the temporary feelings.
Take heart, son. Dream softly, without feet on.
Do not let anything take place outside you. Be happy with yourself.
Don’t hurry. Make it happen.
Fight the old, conquer the new.
Failure will not overcome me if I continue that.
The good man is the shield that keeps the tide of battle from breaking, so that the whole world can be expected to retreat.
The first step in achieving greatness is to stop pretending it's impossible.
 Self growth is the key to happiness and well being.
A man is one man’s strength if he gets up in the morning and goes to bed at night and in between does what he wants to do.
Successful people do what unsuccessful people are not willing to do.
I love you deeply.
Life is too short to wake up with regrets, and not enough time for regrets.
Real kindness seeks love.
May you live the life that your heart desires?
Never doubt that pain is not an event, pain is something that has an impact, a purpose, and therefore cannot be experienced without suffering.
You are stronger than you think, so you must be no different.
There is only one way to happiness: do as you wish.
Mindful, bright, always living
When you become lost, find someone who you want to be.
Success is not something readymade.
It was here I grew up. I have to be proud of myself every single day.
You can always go as far as you want to go.
Success is largely a matter of attitude. Failure is largely a matter of attitude.
The standard of living in the developed world is criticized so frequently that it is not recognized.
You can always make something of yourself.
The first step toward success is to understand what is really going on. You begin from there.
Our task is not to become better than your problems, it is to become better than your strengths.
If you aren't brave enough to challenge your status quo and challenge it, then what’s happening is really going to change your whole life.
Every dreamer has his or her own key, which is to have fun.
The fact that our roads often serve double what we need is amazing.
Failure to show any signs of mental health problems is a serious health hazard.
A normal life is not within your reach unless you take a massive risk.
Not long after the failure of the popular warrior is subdued, the hero is thrust into the life of another.
There is nothing wrong with trying things that make you happy.
One day I will wake up with a smile and an earthen face. I will live forever.
If you are not stubborn, you are either insane or not at all.
I have lived through both the Great Depression and the Great Recession, both of which I regret.
Men are not knit in a box, they are woven in a threadageway, where the natural light of a creative spirit is diffused.
It takes courage to reach out. Sometimes the loss of a close friend is a sign of that courage.
You are not only living the life you want but the life you want that is being lived.
In a time of deceit telling the truth is very important.
Fear the unknown. Regret nothing and live it.
Gratitude is an excellent writer and no apologist.
The next level of learning will come your business.
Fear conquers hope. Conceit.
Many of life's failures are people who did something they never did before.
The cost of living is what we buy, and the happiness we create.
If you're in a tight place and you can't make a power grab to get close to your feet, you can easily fall and break your balance.
To improve one's life, we must first become aware of what is happening in our own lif.
The only tyrant I can hope for is myself.
If all you can do is crawl, eat grass and drink water, then what’s left.
In any given moment we have the power to make a difference.
Faith is not a station you arrive at. It is a place you never go.
What a unique moment you have.
An obstacle is many's path to happiness.
Perseverance is not enough.
You don't have to worry about aging. You just have to be worried about it.
The only place a fool could possibly choose to be, is in his or her life.
We are what happens when we fear failure or disappointment.
Let your love tell the tale.
I've missed more than 9000 shots in my life. I've lost almost 300 games. 26 times I've been trusted to take the game winning shot and missed. I've failed over and over again in my life. And that is why I succeed.
Life is not about getting and having, it is about having and being.
Don't get me started on the opposite sex.
The primary cause of unhappiness is self confidence.
How dare I fail? I’d rather succeed than to learn from them.
The beginning is the end.
Realities don't create actualities. Realities become imaginary.
Think like a proton.
How dare you risk being sued by someone who did something wrong, or sued by someone who did something right, or sued by someone who did something right, or sued by someone who did something right.
If you hold onto power you can achieve it.
How many slices in a bread? About three slices in a bread? About one hour in the morning.
If you are not willing to risk the usual, you will have to settle for ordinary.
The mind unlearns many things, but it then unlearns many other things.
Educating people about what to do is doubly fascinating. If you listen carefully, you'll find that it is really, really hard to do anything.
The only way a successful person ever grows impatient is by refusing to do things he can't do.
If you see the light, you will not see the light, you will not see the light, nor wait for the sun to rise.
Do something wonderful that makes your life worth living.
Why should you continue going after your dreams? Because seeing the look on the faces of the naked eye is the only way to gain ground.
Stop giving up. Be real curious.
You're in the middle of a wild ride when you see the bright lights of the morning.
Don't fall as if you were to die. Instead, rise as if you were to live in harmony.
The most profound truth about life is contained in its most profound ways.
If you do what is right, you can succeed.
To love is the beginning of a new and unique way to be yourself.
People cry because they can’t make up their minds. People cry because they can’t make up their minds.
The haters always scream the loudest. The real secret of happiness is in not wanting someone to look like you.
He who is rich is poor man who has no money.
The only way to avoid criticism is by trying to be somebody else.
Goals don’t always generate momentum, so they create momentum.
The past is your shield.
Faith is the renewal of a lost passion.
There is no way to peace, peace is absence of fear.
Minimalism is the ruin of civilization.
If you feel like giving up, stay focused.
The secret of change is contained in one word.
Success is taking place inside your own mind.
Why do we close our eyes when we pray for a better future than we do today? Because the things that we love tell us that we are waiting for the stars to rise, or the planets to fall.
You may die, but you are responsible for what is done.
Be happy in the moment.
We may encounter darkness in the distant future, but we must not be defeated by it until we can experience the light that is waiting to be unleashed.
In order to love and feel the love for, one must love what is inside of you.
Don’t worry about perfection. It will be done right here in your life. Don’t worry about perfection.
A certain death is often a comfortable time for us.
Failure even more dire than a successful attempt at sowing the seeds of happiness.
Even if you make it through three days of work, you still get about 300,000 unique views a day.
If you are not aware of what is happening, you cannot allow it to happen.
One of the greatest gifts a child is not a product of it's youth, but of it's persistence.
To be the greatest I can be, I must conquer whatever fear exists within me.
Whatever is worrying you right now, you'll want to get better at what you are doing.
It is not enough to need more time to conform to others.
You don’t really have to follow the path of your dreams until you become a reality. You just happen to be living in the moment.
I never lose. I only succeed when I have the courage to continue that tradition.
Diligence is the natural and stable fuel for creativity.
Remember that if you were to die suddenly, suddenly you were dancing.
Take care of your life, but don't let it stop you.
Your voice is one of the few things you can say that will make a difference in the world.
Happy people live in the wild, but don’t die just to live the life that our great love deserves.
I do what matters most, and fail miserably.
Fashion’s a lovely thing.
Never fear death, prepare for it.
Being loved is giving up on what you truly are.
Make every day a dream come true.
The best way to succeed is to become great.
Love does not consist of absence, but rather the acceptance of what is becoming.
It’s not the first time that stress has been treated like a serious mental disease.
Let’s not become entangled in a web of fears, fear will rise and you will have to fight to become aware of the fear you have created.
Remember that with wisdom you must not be afraid to say things that make you afraid.
Success is what happens when you don't let your face become what you once thought you would be.
Fall seven times and live the rest of your life as normal.
Leadership is power.
If you have the power to make a difference, you can do it all.
He that did not succeed in life realized himself only through great determination.
Work hard in silence, let success make you noise.
I never gave up. I’m here to give you what I feel today.
If you are afraid to act, you are more likely to fail. If you are not afraid, you are less likely to succeed.
Good things take time, but good things take time.
Life has two rules. One is invincible.
People who have succeeded have succeeded more than 9000 times.
Nowadays, you may think you can and you are right, but you are not capable of understanding the situation.
If you genuinely care, and have the means to pay the greatest price for it, you'll be well paid.
Education costs money. But education costs money.
Don't judge a fish by the color of his skin. Act as if you can't see it.
Believe you can and you’ll be okay if you don’t.
Do all things in your power to make your life a masterpiece.
Stay hungry for fish, for fish, for bread and wine.
You won’t live until you lose.
If you love what you do, you'll find a way. If you enjoy what you don't do, you won't find a way.
Life is too short to worry about what might take your life.
When you stop believing in yourself, you become more willing to succeed than you have been to admit.
Wealth does not come without sacrifice.
People talk about the most important things in their life, the things they don’t say. They just say, Do something. Don't forget about what they do and be happy they don’t say.
As we prepare to die, so we must prepare to live.
In the run up to an unexpected opponent, it is better to have one that knows you well than to have no.
Life isn't about having a great life. Life is about having a good life.
Confidence comes from the acceptance of small mistakes.
Life is weird. Like, Wow. I didn’t even realize it until I realized it was happening.
Whoever leads a sheepens life, the sheepens man dies.
Have no fear of striking out, you must settle for nothing.
Insanity shines through every wall of your dreams.
Be content to act.
Luck doesn't work if you get tired.
If you ask him where his wealth lies, he's flat.
The last act of the president is the last act of the presidency.
Trust is the most precious gift we can offer people.
Gratitude is a stain you never see, but the stain that remains after you drink wine will be a stain that you never see, so if you drink wine today don’t stain it.
Your every reason to stay is because you have lived so much, and so much, and that is why you are doing so.
Life is too short to worry about what is happening.
Be the voice of the people.
I'm not the only one who is afraid of disappointment.
My opinion of education is largely the opposite of what I consider a right or leftward orientation. I find that education is at the heart of what I seek.
If you’re not starting from the start, you can get lost in the process.
The only deadlier thing is the moment that something changes, the thing that's changed.
Staying positive does not mean that things will turn out okay. Rather, it is knowing that things will turn out okay.
To love is the most remarkable result of all the hard work we’ve done.
Concentration comes out of a combination of acceptance and fear.
The path to success is to take what lies ahead and take what lies ahead.
If it doesn't challenge you, it doesn’t understand you.
The reason most people never reach their goals is that they try things which don't seem to them at all.
Every new day we become aware of one another's beauty.
I attribute my success to this. I never gave up.
When you’re distracted by something important, you’re distracted by another.
Leadership is a capacity. That is your attitude.
I believe that mind is some thing, that is some thing, and that mind is whatever you are thinking.
Make no mistake, no matter how hard you try, nothing will work.
If you want to create something that will change the world, find a way to do it.
Some men spend their lives in anticipations, in determining whether to act on a perceived future or not. For it is in determining whether to act on a perceived future.
The best revenge is the most powerful weapon you can use.
The only way a creative man can be unhinged is to continue living the life he loves.
If you see in the face, it doesn't show up until it's changed.
The path to success is to go all in.
Whatever you can do, learn to do the things you can't.
What we love most, we become what we imagine.
As far as dreamers go, reality isn't an obstacle. It exists.
The silent majority are those who can’t see the direction of the wind, nor can they see the direction of the sun.
It is during our darkest moments that we learn that we have the strength and the the determination to look beyond these darkest moments and find a way to end their suffering.
If you judge each person by his or her qualities, you judge each person by his or her qualities.
By putting more energy into something we love, it will make a greater difference in how we live.
You will be stronger if you build a relationship with people who are willing to listen.
The number one reason people fail in life is that they listen to their friends, family, and neighbors.
Don’t give a fuck about what you have. Give a fuck.
If you want to live a productive life, you have to settle for a less.
Life is too short to get busy living someone else's life.
Courage is a virtue if not a virtue if not a habit.
The second part of the book is the much needed clarification.
Let us not be pushed around by fears, but we must accept the challenges that come our way.
Truth is temporary. Conceit.
What is money? A man is more than a woman.
Life is like a tree, it grows as it grows.
Time is but the next level of creation.
I don’t fear death, I’m weak.
If you can understand, you can understand.
The weak have wings on their back and can only be taunted if they continue to do so.
He is not the average man, he is a good salesman.
It always seems impossible, but once you do, you become stronger.
Make it your life.
Never doubt that you can and you will be successful in anything.
Work hard in silence and let the noise be your noise.
Do what’s best for you, and let it go.
Knowledge allows us to fully grasp what we are adding to our experiences. This ensures that we become aware of what we are adding to our experiences.
Absence can create weaknesses, but absence of that weakness can create an unstoppable force.
I have a dream that is more than my fears.
One of the keys to success is to keep going.
Confidence comes from the confidence of a few percent.
Love is not of use but of power.
At the end of hardship comes strength and the poison is out.
Time wasted doesn't create new hours. It creates a new way of living.
The battle and the success are often enough to determine who is defeated.
Death is the beginning of hope.
Courage is resistance to fear, mastery of fear is reverence for bravery.
I don’t think you can shake the world. I think you have to.
People always seem to forget what a great man is, but the world has never shown up.
Go to the next level, grow up, do something.
A goal doesn't come easy, so you must do it.
Nothing is impossible, only our greatest power lies in the acceptance of what we believe we are.
All progress is made with diligence.
Faith is not a substitute for courage. It is a gift we can take to our brighter dreams.
Life is too short not to pause at night and watch the stars rise.
If you look at what you don't have in life, you'll always have more. If you look at what you don't have in life, you'll never have enough.
To live a minimalist life, we must live a meaningful life.
Be like you were thrown from the mountain top into a tree and you won’t see any kind of growth.
Every time we look back on the past, there was one moment of confusion. The moment we look back on the future, there was one moment of joy in our heart.
Suffer now, live longer, live less.
Life is short. Do what's right for you.
I am thankful for all those hard times I’ve missed, so I’m thankful for everything I’ve gone through.
Work hard to become happy.
A kick in the teeth isn't necessarily punishment for any of us. It is to be successful in life.
Your whole life you make those who you want to be.
You can't build a wall along the road, the only thing stopping you is the fear you have inside of it.
He is weak because he is trying to become better than he is.
Simplify. This is the important part of the morning.
People will forget that happiness is not an act, but a lifestyle.
The key to happiness is not knowledge, but action.
Luck is spread over time, not into succeeding.
Some people die at 25 and have never lived to reach that age.
Much of the work that we do is temporary.
Shine like stars.
The strength of a successful warrior is that he is never afraid of the opportunities that come his way.
To change the world you must first change your attitude.
I want to die every single day.
Be patient and truthful; they have to be remarkable.
Failure to serve in the armed services may not be a crime, but a rebellion.
The only person you are destined to become, is the one that can do your bidding.
Through perseverance we can move our world forward.
Treasurer of the year: the royal road.
Don’t cry because your life has been ruined.
I don't find fault, I find excuses.
Don’t be afraid to fail. Failure is something to enjoy, not to stop.
The essence of intelligence is persistence.
Even when you’re not there, you can still fall in love.
People are not born aware of what is being done or done, but live by the feelings, thoughts, and ideas that surround them. They are the conscious, the artificer of their own destiny.
The first step toward success is to have a gut.
Silence is nothing but noise.
When you face obstacles, conquer them bravely.
Alice: This is impossible.  If you do, you will be successful.
My three main goals are to share my life with all of you at once.
Sometimes you have to put a stop to a feeling of accomplishment because the past doesn’t last.
If you spend your life trying to be better than you were last year, you will only see better.
I find that the more I love, the less I seem to have of it.
Remember that guy who laid waste to no one? Yeah neither does Michelle Obama.
My argument is that the biggest reason people aren't more financially motivated is because they want to do something.
The knowledge of gratitude gives us a glimpse into the world which we are in.
Death is not a good thing, it’s a state that you should live.
If you can dream you can go.
You gain strength by practising what is called propriety.
Becoming is not a walker.
Beauty is not suffering any. It is standing still in your path.
Happiness is not a bad thing, but rather a stepping stone to a better world.
Time is the key to happiness. Happiness is the key to success..
The grass has two blossoms, the grey leaves have three blossoms, and the white hairs grow thin.
A happy life is not a day of happiness nor a death day.
We must be afraid we will never be happy.
There is no greater agony than being thrust on the ground by a thousand pieces of wood while you are still clinging to it.
He who is too small to fear death dies young.
Don’t cry because it’s over.
The greatest leaders are those most interested in perspiration.
If you're depressed, you're living in the past. If you're at peace, you're living in the future.
Change is not the thing you see in your dreams, but it is that thing that changes your life.
A great mind is a result of the accumulation of small thoughts.
When mindfulness embraces the real beauty of mindfulness, we may also find ourselves aching in our being. Mindfulness embraces the clinging and clinging of ego into our lives.
It is no surprise that leaders assertiveness while dismissing challenges like this one.
Don't be distracted by questions, be excited about the future. Be excited about the possibilities.
Success is all you’ve got to do to become successful.
When you face obstacles, realize that not everything is possible.
Truth is only temporary. Regrets last forever.
In order to get something you never had, you must first reach out.
The beginner always had one thing in common, the key to success.
Character is a skill you can learn at your own pace, learn at your own pace, and so forth.
Forgiveness is a prison I never escape.
Everything is a dream even though you see reality through your eyes.
Nothing is impossible, just one day you can be the best.
A life without a garden is like a tree: it grows every day, but if you grow it in proportion to the number of flowers it grows in.
Instead of seeking fulfillment, take a different path.
Only you can transform your life.
Kindness is a beggar.
He who is strong enough to know that one’s strength lies solely in his tenacity.
Build your own happiness. Let the things you can't do interfere with what you can do.
Courage is the solid foundation of all virtues.
Success is a dividend we all must get by.
Good leaders make mistakes, good leaders make mistakes, but so on.
The strength of this movement is the most essential to succeeding.
Our sole calling is happiness.
Life is hard, but so beautiful that even the hardest things hardest are worth the effort.
I’ve learned that love is contagious.
Be patient and know.
You can never beat the best man in the room.
Beauty takes time, but persistence takes time.
I am not a copycat, I am a creative person.
The greatest risk is not taking the risk, but the holding it back.
Who would attempt suicide if it weren't for being too busy to enjoy life.
Fear is the parent of all diseases.
If you value your time, neither will others. Stop charging for it.
The real death of writing is not writing about what happened today, but about the life that is going on tomorrow.
If you want to make an impact, you must make something. If you don't, you don't get a chance to make a difference.
Stop waiting for the opportunities to become bigger and more beautiful, the things that make your life easier for you.
When you stop chasing the good, you become the loser.
Never regret a single day in your life.
When I dare to rise above the chasm and become the greatest polemic ever created, I become what I am.
Only love yields happiness.
It’s not what you do that makes you miserable.
What is Beautiful is seeing things, not only in their place, but also in their place.
Whoever dares challenge you, you may face many defeats. But if you challenge yourself, you may face many defeats.
Be humble, be hungry. Be light too.
Goodness comes from within.
Not understanding is better than not understanding.
It's never too late to quit.
Strength is not measured by physical or mental strength but by the emotional contentment.
The key to happiness is accepting each step as an inward gate to success.
Creativity is saying the things you never knew.
Remind yourself that you are not living the moment.
Creativity is the highest form of action.
What you think you become is what you become.
He who is not subdued by the passions is not defeated.
A new way of knowing is to find yourself.
Selfridges don’t speak the same tongue. Selfridges speak the same way.
Whatever is worrying you right now is a serious mental health crisis. Don’t be afraid to say you weren’t afraid. Either you will succeed or you will regret.
In the depths of madness, there is only one way to find yourself.
Remember that everything is going to be okay in the end.
It is only when we truly know and understand that we have a limited time on earth, that we can truly know and be frank about what is truly profound.
If you are depressed, you can get up. If you are working on something else, you are doing something else.
We write to tell ourselves stories, to tell them.
 The only way to pay for it is by spending it.
Do research. Link your research to other people. Link your discoveries to other people.
Doing the best at something new is called leadership.
Be kind, for everyone you meet is fighting an uphill battle.
If you are not willing to risk being sued for something you cannot do, then you are no longer willing to risk living someone who can't make up your mind.
No matter what kind of situation you go through, there is one thing that makes you happy.
The first and greatest victory is to triumph over the fools who try to imitate the virtues of simplicity.
To live each day as if it were your lif. To live each moment as if it were your death.
Peace cannot come without your consent.
A man can be either a true badass or just plain badass.
Only I can fix my problems through kindness.
Every tyrant has his own secret. In the end, he or she can decide which tyrant best attains his power.
I never feel let down, only hurtful ones feel responsible.
If you spend your whole life trying to make someone feel like they are crazy enough, then you will never truly be real to begin with.
Those who are crazy enough to think that motivation is enough are crazy enough to think that motivation is enough, claim it is, and prove it is.
The sole source of unhappiness is in looking after others.
I am no longer a sheep waiting for the wolf to free me, I am a lion.
Worry less, worry less, speak less.
Power is to be used for a purpose, not for a purpose.
The goal isn’t to become king, it’s to become a better person.
Life is 10% what happens to us and 90% how we react to it have caused untold suffering in our lives.
Every strike provides a glimpse into the future.
Why do we always let go of our dreams when there is no? Because we see in dreams the obstacles which we overcome daily.
If you’re offered a seat on a rocket ship, don’t ask where that seat is.
The first and greatest battle of the 19th century was the defeat of the popular war cry, ‘No thanks’.
As long as you don't stop fighting, you will.
In order to lift up, all living things must be made possible by human effort.
No map is possible unless you are willing to go that far.
Believe you can and you are halfway there.
Work hard, keep going. Do what you can.
We are what we think about most of the time, so don't become distracted by it.
I was born to be positive, so that means I’ll have to do something.
Every child is an artist, not an explorer.
I don’t have time to worry about what others think about me. I have time to love myself.
The only way people can make them feel good is to believe.
Don't delay your appointment because one day it was over and it was sitting there waiting for you.
Rock bottom always has ribs.
Be kind to broken people. They are the reason we struggle.
The problem is that what you are doing, and what you do, is what you want to do.
The truth is stranger than the dreams you've made.
Only you can be responsible for this. The only person standing between you and the best is the unmade, unkind.
The person most interested in succeeding is the person most interested in succeeding.
Creativity is having fun in silence.
No matter how hard you do to overcome adversity, nothing keeps you from achieving your dreams.
He is richest who takes the risk.
Formula for success is: get up every morning and get ready to go tomorrow.
People commonly say that motivation doesn't last. Well, not everyone thinks so. Well, not everybody. Well, not everyone. Well, not everyone.
Don't be afraid to let go. There is nothing to learn, and nothing to do is superfluous.
Every strike brings peace and justice to this great city.
It's no secret that achievement is not very common in our culture, as opposed to at the highest levels of our learning.
When you do something, love the things.
Good things come to people who wait for long after taking the time to do their work for money.
A well developed sense of humor is the deat.
Most important, all things a man can do are blessings to himself, a purpose to fulfill all his needs, and a purpose to fulfill all his needs.
The strength of this world is most essential to succeeding.
We must accept finite disappointment, but finite sorrow is infinitely greater than infinite sorrow.
In order to achieve your goals, live for others.
Let go of what you feel in your life.
 It never becomes what you need to be.
It’s not the first time someone has tried to belittle your ambitions.
The seed of all great seeds will appear in this life.
Whether you get knocked down or run down, meditate for a living.
Every child is a child who grew up in the spotlight.
If you’re going through hell stay on going.
The battle cry of the strong is not about winning, it's about creating momentum.
The minute you rule the world, the more opportunities you have to be taken to challenge your crazy self.
A quick temper will make a fool of you, but a strong temper will make a fool of you, so don't let it stop you.
Every day brings new strength.
Think and do what you have to do.
There are no limits to the power of mindfulness. Mindfulness is the universal universal right.
Remember: you’re not going to get what you get. Be patient.
Don’t cry because it happened. Don’t cry because it happened. Don’t cry because it happened. Don’t cry because it happened.
Remember, no matter what mouth thinks, nothing is impossible.
Successful people don't make mistakes, they make mistakes.
The key to happiness is seeking out those with talent who know and have experienced hardship.
One of the things that makes you special is that you have a real passion for what you are doing.
You will succeed at something you cannot do, so you must do everything in your power to get your work done.
All beings want to be happy, yet so very little.
Be miserable if you don't try.
Alone for today is the start of tomorrow.
Whenever you’re in conflict with something, there are powerful people out there that can make you angry. When you see a well spent minute spent arguing about one of the main aims of education, there is no substitute for courage and common sense.
Why waste your waking second day worrying about the future or the future, waste your waking moment worrying about the future or the future. Do what you have to do.
Perhaps most important, the crucial is not who you are to achieve your goals. If you are not willing to sacrifice your time for those goals, you are not willing to sacrifice your time for those ends.
Where’s your heart? Leave your own choices.
Believe in yourself! You are braver than you think and smarter than you know, and capable of more than you think.
Try Again! Fail Again! Fail Again! Fail Again! Fail Again!
Do something today that scares you, but scares you when you don't want it to happen.
Doubt is a natural property of the bee.
Don't let what you say make it easier for you to reach out.
Find your calling.
For every reason we have, there are hundreds of people who have shown remarkable courage, most recently in the unsuccessful run for office in the 2008 election. Most recently this past fall, they were named the "Leaders of the Year" by the American Way.
If you want to lift yourself up, lift up someone else. If you want to lift up someone else, lift up someone else.
Truth be told, truth be told, serves two ends.
If the path is beautiful, I don’t see the path but the step up.
Faith is the name we give to good things.
Every mountain top mountain has its own problems. If one has climbed that one, you'll never reach it.
I’m no longer angry by the things that I didn’t do, I’m more disappointed by the things that I didn’t do, and I’m even more disappointed by the things that I didn’t do.
Humor doesn’t mean you don’t have to stay up all night.
I've failed over and over and over again in my life, never again having succeeded.
Don't go looking for scraps of paper. Look for scraps of it.
Mindful, positive, is not a product of any circumstances. Mindfulness is the companion of mindfulness. It is the state of mindfulness that allows us to fully experience the whole beauty of our lives without sniping at it.
Freedom doesn't come from physical or mental suffering. It comes from a creative drive.
Never let a thing set on fire, don'thing, and be nothing.
No peace.
How to Train Your Mind for the Great Unraveling of the Self
Life is too short to travel alone.
Death is an event that must be experienced every single day.
The key to life is accepting what you are for granted.
We must be curious if we’re heading for change.
Luck is what keeps me going.
You get what you spend, but not what you spend.
Expect great things. Some are not.
To lead, we must not be defeated by success.
The person who is trying to change the world must change himself or herself, because he is trying to change himself or herself.
I don’t regret a thing I’ve done. I never regret a thing I didn’t do.
Don’t bend, bend, stroke.
Happy people do what happy people do, but the busy people do what busy people don’t do.
Instead of working so hard to make someone happy, work on having fewer people.
Move your life in the direction of your dreams.
Courage doesn't always last.
When I hear a voice inside a quiet room saying, I will try again tomorrow.
Awareness is the starting point of all change.
This is your life. Do what you feel in your heart to be right.
Don’t cry because it is over. Act now.
The most beautiful things we can accomplish are not out of love, it is in the pursuit of one's own ends.
Dreams are not temporary. Regrets last forever.
Change is the only path to success.
The first step toward happiness is taken when you are in love.
Don’t be afraid to put sunscreen on the face. The only thing that is guaranteed to keep you going is confidence.
Find your limits, dig your heels, and you'll end up incredibly happy.
Let loose of what you are and leave what you are.
Believe in yourself. You can. If you believe in yourself, you can.
The only thing standing between you and your goal is the B.S. story you can leave your voice to be heard.
Teamwork is the ability to develop a working group of enthusiastic, committed to achieving the goals you desire. This will never change, but it will make the difference that difference between achieving and remaining passionate about what you are striving to achieve.
Stay hungry. Stay stupid.
Enjoy the life you have left undone.
Don’t hide what you have hidden. Instead, glorify what you have created.
All you need is kindness. Don't give up. Just love.
Forget about the urgency of the job. It's the part of your life that's underutilized.
Kindness is not contagious. It is contained in every word.
A day of rest is more exhausting than a day of work.
The Lord makes enemies by pursuing his will.
If you want to live happily, learn to dance like a queen, live like a queen.
If you're working on something exciting you can do, quit doing it.
I like to think of things as they are, not as they look like. But when I look back on them as gifts, I remember they looked like books.
You will never find out how far you are, nor how far you have come before you have started.
Stop believing in lies and start believing in yourself.
Nowadays you can walk from failure to failure without any help from either a problem solving clinician or a librarians.
Prayer is not the key to happiness.
Life really does make a big difference. You get a lot of different types of people out there who are trying to change the world.
The path to peace is to walk boldly from the terrible truth into the open.
The unexamined life is merely one step ahead of the often life we are living.
To know yourself, live for yourself, work hard.
I believe in hope.
As we learn more, we should embrace opportunities that don't set barriers, instead stepping on them to empower others.
In the year 1000 AD Moses set about to die having been crucified.
The unexamined life begins with nothing but your opinion.
Don't be afraid to strike at the weak, always try to become the great.
To be successful in business is to try to become more successful in business than in existence.
The hardest thing you’ve ever done was do something stupid.
The secret of a successful life is to find out what is one's destiny to do when it is absolutely necessary.
I’ll tell you what to do today.
Concentration comes from the acceptance of pleasant experiences.
He that cannot defend himself will have to defend himself very carefully.
Learn as much today as you ever did.
Most people never make an original thought.
There are three types of people in this world: those who know nothing, and those who value individuality.
Start all over with small steps.
Pretend every single person you meet has a sign around his or her neck that says, Don't just stand there. Michelle Obama
Each morning we must train another for life, the repetition of one's dreams should intensify each morning.
Keep reading. You may find that the deeper you dig, the deeper you find yourself. But remember that not everything is lost by dying.
Formal education will end up making you a living.
The greatest danger to your standing is not getting what you want from you, but rather worrying about the world you belong to.
Remember that man is a success if he gets up in the morning and goes to bed at night.
Action is movement. If you are not willing to do it, you are not willing to do it, so be it.
If you don’t learn, you don’t learn.
Success is not coming because you promised it would be easy. It is coming because you promised it would last.
The best revenge for a certain age is to give up.
If you aren’t sincere, you shouldn’t say anything at all.
The best way to get more is by going for it.
You are braver than you think. More talented than you think. Stronger is the wiser the soldier.
Stay drunk in this world.
Speak softly, remember that words are the beginning of a bigger story.
You may even dream of starting something.
I am learning as I go by.
Happiness is not a question of standing between you and me, but rather a question of liking and respecting each other.
Dream great. Think of no gain.
You have to be the strongest you can be to succeed.
You will be judged.
Be humble, be afraid.
Not all those who give are willing to sacrifice their might to achieve their ends.
Education is doing more than knowledge.
I believe you can achieve your goals by succeeding at something you never tried before.
Failure to love is to remain ignorant.
Whey should you continue drinking wine at night and eating grasshopper at night.
Do not wish for success; wish for failure.
Being entirely honest with oneself is a waste of time.
A quiet secluded life in the world, with all the beauty that comes with it, is better than a quiet life.
The worst enemy to the well being is self doubt.
Fairytales are a fairy tale that follows the adventures of two of our fairytales, the King Thessaloniki and the Hairytales of the Desert.
When I hear a voice within a voice I am not afraid of what I hear.
Spread love everywhere you go. Don't let one arrive alone. Embrace each moment as a stepping stone to a brighter future.
Creativity creates love.
If you are too busy making other plans, you’re not going to make a finished product.
Be happy for a moment, that’s enough happiness.
Stay positive, stay in touch with your inner peace. That is to say the most important thing is doing your best.
If you're unhappy with what you've done, you're more likely to succeed.
Don't chase the crazy people who dominate your life, chase the people who dominate your life.
Power comes from not wanting to be different.
Silence is like poison, so if you’re not careful, poison can live.
Life is tough because we are so small.
Truth is waiting in the wings.
It is not necessary to change, nor to change anything.
I have never lost a war. I have only lost one.
Every tyrant has his own secret sauce. Believe him or not, he’s rich.
I love you because you gave me something I never had..
Gratitude is the mother of all good deeds.
Nothing worth waking up in the morning is worth living the day you will never have imagined.
Worry often forgets about things that will make you smile.
Never give up. Believe what you know and that will make you stronger.
The first step toward a brighter future is to realize that each day is a revolutionary opportunity for us all.
An obstacle is nothing if you try to climb it.
It is impossible to avoid the criticism because it is the conclusion of one's own daily routine.
Nothing ever becomes real until it’s done.
If you don't value your time, neither will others. Stop wasting your time creating excuses for it.
Concentration comes from the acceptance of what you believe is true.
Life is not lost by falling. Life is lost twice.
Be who you want to be, you can achieve it by living your desires, not by rejecting them.
The royal road to happiness lies in the resolute hearts of the royal road.
Learn to shut your mouth if you’re not sure what’s coming your way.
Every great dream begins with a dream. Every dream begins with the intention to achieve it.
Creativity is the flower which has wings.
The whole secret of a successful life is to find out what is one's destiny to do in your life and then do it.
Your strength lies not in fighting or winning, but in overcoming it.
Love is the fuel that gives motivation.
To say nothing of kindness is to be uncharit.
If it doesn’t challenge you, quit quitting.
Inhale the future. Exhale the past. Exhale the future.
Every strike brings peace.
The path to success is to find your next destination.
Make no mistake: mindfulness works for all of us.
Happy people use all their creativity. If you don’t have a motivation you can start a new one.
It is only when we truly know and understand that we have a limited time on things that are beyond our grasp that we can begin to appreciate them.
Awareness is the capacity to know and love what is impossible.
Without a grateful heart you cannot be happy.
If you cannot make up your mind just how great it is that you will be remembered.
What you do makes a difference, but you don't have to do anything.
Peace is the absence of judgement.
When we love, we have hope.
A fool wonders if he is wise enough to know why.
Why do we dream so little? Because our dreams tell us that what is happening is going to happen.
The ladder of success is the ladder of failure which you hold in your head until you find yourself in the midst of massive disappointment.
Only those who can change the world will allow change.
May you live every day as though you were to die.
The truth is stranger than fiction’s.
Every day we are engaged in an amazing adventure that begins just before we even leave the house.
I don't want to get back to what started today. I want to get back to what started today.
Change your life, or leave the door open for you to wander the sea.
There is no real way to happiness. Happiness is simply a form of training that relates to your being.
Death is the beginning of wisdom.
Never put your lunch behind you when you have lunch ready.
Don't just do great things, don'thing and do great things no.
Hustle until thou wilt meet all thy needs.
The power of love is to love when no one has thought of it before.
Your value doesn't come from what you make. It comes from what you do.
Order brings happiness. Order brings happiness.
The only way to find yourself is to believe it is possible.
All roads lead to beautiful destinations. Leave the hook in the sand and swim the water naked.
Failure is nothing to learn. Don’t be discouraged by failures. Remember that. Failure is just a bad habit.
Worry is only temporary. Regret nothing more than temporary.
The only thing standing between you and the best is the moment you decide you cannot be railed on.
To love is to feel at peace.
You will notice a change in the morning after you wake up feeling the same way you did on the third and fourth tries.
You take a risk. You don't want to get hurt. You just want to get well done.
Life is a series of natural and creative steps that must be taken to realize the unique genius and unique genius of life.
If you cannot give up on your dreams, you can never get back to your roots.
Ethics is the soul of this planet.
Trust in dreams, of which you may be; what you plant will heal you if you plant a seed.
You were born to be what you should be.
Every day we are engaged in a miracle which our lives take our toll.
Life is too short to worry about the future.
Wherever there is a spiritual seeker, that is an abundance of curious people.
You begin by doing what other people say you cannot do.
If you go on doing research you will discover that you have a very different set of brain types and a different set of attitudes towards people who don't like you.
If you judge you, you will never understand.
Pain doesn’t make you bleed.
A normal life is full of risks.
Do not be afraid to say NO because the real tragedy is not really what happened. Do NOT be afraid to say NO because there is something to be done to keep things going.
People cry because they heard what a strong woman said. People cry because they were afraid they would lose their footing.
Do you want to meet the love of your life? That’s what happend.
He who controls others may judge him by what he does, but who controls himself by what he does, is not obligated to follow.
The key to happiness is seeking your self.
Breathe. It is the element of happiness that is most important.
Successful people want your help, they want to connect with you, and they want to connect with you, and they want to make you happy.
If you value your time, you are buying more than you are paying.
The best way to beat the strongest people in the world is to dominate them.
The essence of all true learning is detachment.
Only you will regret if you don't believe in the beauty of which you have imagined.
Whatever you can do, master your work, and if you can't do it right, you can't do it right.
When the caterpillar hews up its wings, the caterpillar will try to stop the competition and the caterpillar will try to stop the competition.
Let go. Let go is contagious.
Great minds are the artificers of progress.
What makes you happy is if you become a part of your team.
In mindfulness, we place a premium on the assertion of need rather than on the assertion of need.
The most successful people in this world are the people who have succeeded in saturating the world with ideas, not by actions.
A lifetime of gratefulness is nothing more than a lif.
Peace is wanting the light to go away.
The opposite happens to you when you look at others.
Meditation is to be aware of what is wrong and happy, not to rush things.
You can’t lose sleep over this terrible thought.
Before you embark on a journey of revenge, remember that the sooner you commit another crime, the sooner you are going to have another crime.
If you are serious about anything, I don't have time for it.
Our whole life is learning how to do things.
We cannot solve our education problems with the same thinking we used when we started. But we can do so much more.
Doing the best at this moment is suicide.
Do what you do with love and an eye for eye only.
Powerful people do great things. Not only can you accomplish great things, you can accomplish great things.
Confidence is when the opportunities for change take hold.
A magnet for desire and power is a kind of magnet for fear.
Never look back on mistakes unless you’ve seen the light.
What you lack in talent can make you a good salesman. Don't seek it. Sales are contingent upon results.
Fear makes you weak; bravery makes you stronger.
I will never be silent on this appalling truth. I will be silenced.
All you have to do is write to power. Write to power.
There is no art without emotion.
Goals are gifts that make a difference in your life.
To love is to receive love.
How dare I fail? I’ll tell you how lucky I am to have succeeded.
If you can't help yourself, you don't can learn.
I have never learned that one’s own resolution to anything is to be afraid of life.
I know, not everything goes so well for me.
What mindfulness means for us is not as important as what we think about it.
Let it rest in the morning.
If you're depressed, you're in for a treat. If you're too busy worrying, you're in for a treat.
The only person who can change the world is the man who can change it.
This intense work is called passion.
It is no small accomplishment that a man who is willing to sacrifice his life for a greater cause is far more likely to achieve it than not to surrender it for a better future.
No one is afraid of the wind.
Expect great things.
In business you need a champion. But if you are not afraid of losing, don’t quit.
The only person you should be trying to become is the person you control.
A word cannot express the beauty of what is possible.
To stay up all night is to enjoy the sunshine.
Being young doesn’t mean you’re stupid. It means you no longer matter what your situation is.
A dream doesn't become a reality, it is a lifestyle.
Live the life you want, live the life you want.
The sinner must be perfect in order to be perfect again.
The mind is what you think about most, and death is inevitable.
Being passionate about this cause is proof that passion is what keeps us going.
When you need more than you need, you have to keep going.
If you want to make a permanent change to your life, find a way.
Creativity is not something that comes easy. It comes.
No one should go hungry without taking care of one’s body.
Challenges are not permanent. Don't just accept them. Do them in your daily routine.
If you want change, stop asking.
Talent doesn't mean perfect; it means you do something.
The secret to life is getting up in the morning and doing the morning before.
Success is having fun.
Trust in how you feel about yourself, not what you are doing.
There is no way to happiness without any pain.
Creativity is the art of remembering what you did, or remembering what you did not do.
Don’t let yesterday take up too much of today. It will take more than you handle today.
Don't be pushed around by the fears of unfulfilled dreams. Be yourself.
Worry doesn’t come to you from your comfort zone. It comes to you.
Don’t underestimate the power of mindfulness. It is the capacity to know and use mindfulness as a compass. It can also reflect compassion.
If you're not into doing something amazing, stop doing something amazing, stop asking people why you are doing it.
Learn as much or lose as you like.
Keep away from people who try to belittle your ambitions. Those who try to belittle your ambitions. Those who try to belittle your ambitions.
The person who has the strength to be the most successful in life is the person who has the courage to give up the good for the great.
Stop looking back on what you were made up of.
The beginning is nothing but noise.
Don’t stop worrying. Stop asking permission.
Whatever may happen to you today may not be great, but you are important.
The key to a successful life is not to seek it or leave it, but to seek it.
I have long regretted something I didn’t do, and I have regretted that I didn’t do it well enough.
The secret of the successful writer is his or her strategy.
In the end, truth is stranger than fiction.
One of the key things that keeps you going is consistency.
Spread love everywhere you go. Make each day a living.
Some men judge me by my failures, and others by my triumph over them.
I’ve got to admit that I get a little, but at least I got a little more.
If you are lonely, you are lonely.
She was one of the few people in existence who could not bear a single opinion.
Life is like riding a bicycle. It is strengthened by the use of your will.
The good man is the second most important man.
We must accept life and death as gifts, whether it is in their presence, in their presence or not.
Most people would rather be happy if I didn't have to.
When you feel like you’ve been neglected, learn to walk up to it with open arms.
Mindfulness is about the aware mind, not about the holding of thoughts.
People who will overlook important moments of the day ignore important moments of the day.
The first step in uncovering who you truly are is to believe in what you are doing.
The most beautiful thing is the opportunity to feel loved.
Creativity comes from selflessness.
Formal education will make you more fluid, more self conscious, and more accepting.
If you get tired, learn to rest.
My experience is that most people never experience anything like it, including myself.
The wisest counsellor of all is often a private investigator.
I can’t wait to start a new chapter in my life.
I’m not buying you anything, I am buying you something you can't make me feel.
In this very life, all you need is for someone to love you.
Worry never robs tomorrow of its sorrow, but it strengthens it.
I never go back and try again but this time I find a new way to stand up.
When one advances confidently in thought, this cultivates courage and stamina.
Be present.
Do not become what you want to become.
Don't be pushed around by traffic jams or traffic jams, be led by those who are afraid to move.
Do the hard jobs and love the soft jobs and have the soft jobs.
You will never truly know when you will be happy.
Pursue some path. From afar you may encounter many curious beings, living or dying in silence.
One life, that's enough.
The only person who can possibly serve as a model for a successful life is the person who cannot be convinced that one of the main aims of life is attainable.
What you think about most people's lives, they don't have a story.
Meditation is not about having time, it is about having a goal.
If you want to be happy, be successful.
Do not go where you want to go.
If you want happiness for a reason, spend less time looking for it.
Educate the young is no easy task.
Start the day.
The key to happiness is doing the right things.
Don't let this become your life.
Never give up. Take what's right. Your dreams consume you.
Being a minimalist means you no longer care what you do, and you end up with less.
What worries you, learns.
No matter what people tell you, no matter what people tell you, no matter what people tell you, no matter what people tell you.
It’s not what you look at that matters.
Character consists of not finishing what you started.
Remember, the only way to be happy is to enjoy life.
Don't be afraid to tell people what you are going to be, rather than merely liking them.
Every day we are treated the wrong way and never let our troubles decide our course.
Being mindful will allow you to respond better than you were yesterday, so don’t be afraid to try again.
Nothing ever seems so farfetched as belief. It is only practised by those who are convinced that it is impossible or impossible to achieve it.
A man who speaks softly is not afraid to say what he wants to hear.
Fear is everything. Love conquers fear.
Nothing is worth more than yesterday.
Hire low profile people who don’t know how to read and who don’t have the time to read.
Life is not final, but it is unavoidable.
The most important thing you can do is do what you feel is your destiny.
Give every minute of your life the chance to change your world.
Enough’s the way.
It is better to remain silent than to say that you are no longer interested in learning.
Creativity is discovering what you believe.
Self respect is the first requisite to good health.
For me, this is the second greatest gift of life.
Trust in dreams and dreams and don't gamble on the future.
What is it about our expectations or expectations that hold such sway over us since we were born into existence? I don’t know what that word means. I just listen to people who say, Yeah, I did it.
Life is like riding a bicycle. The air in your lungs is different. The wind in your lungs makes you breath easier.
Silent gratitude is the quiet cousin of generosity.
The good man will fail if he doesn’t fight back.
Whenever you see a successful person you should steer clear of the pretense of pretense.
Strive to become the person you want to be, not to be the person you pretend to be.
Great deeds are made possible by the will of small people.
If courage grows with knowledge, so does courage.
In every job that’s ever done, there is a chance that someone has taken the risk.
Sing like nobody’s listening, never give up.
The meaning of life is to be able to say goodbye.
Life in abundance is like riding a bicycle.
You are amazing. Believe me! I am melting on the first day of my shift.
Confidence is contagious, and we all know that. But there is no way to peace of mind.
The mind that is afraid of death is more afraid of suffering.
The big lesson we must teach ourselves about life is not knowledge but action.
I am not afraid of pain. I am fighting it out in my heart to try and find the right words for it.
I would spend the first three hours at bed aware of the world I was in, scanning the web, scanning every part of my body. I would then repeatedly observe each movement as it happened.
You yourself, as long as you stick with it, are irreplaceable.
What’s it like to be alone?
Whenever you’re in conflict with someone, keep your distance.
You can’t just sit there and be somebody else’s mind. You can't just sit there and be somebody else’s mind.
Don't be embarrassed by your failures, learn from them and start from them.
You are amazing. If you look at what you are looking at today, you'll be a leader. If you look at what you are working on today, you'll be a product. If you look at what you are working on today, you'll be a leader.
Don’t judge each day by the number of candles you burn but by the moments that take your life away from you.
The one thing that keeps me going is my determination.
If you don't like things, stop looking. There is only one way to get something.
Don’t mistake effort with achievement. It will take more than effort.
The real tragedy of life is when one strives valiantly for the happiness of another.
Don't make the most of what you can’t do what you can’t do.
It is ok to continue worrying about certain things you haven't done, because life is what you've dreamed of.
If you are determined to be the best you ever will be.
This is who the fuck is going to die if you don’t stop til you no longer need to introduce yourself.
Love the life you live, let the life you make poison.
People rarely succeed unless we take our eyes off the clouds and pay our respects.
The true secret of success is hiding behind the scenes for fear that they might lose their jobs, or might try to flee the country or else fall into the unknown.
The long run is over, so hurry to bowl your life.
Don't stop when your enthusiasm grows.
To love is to let go of what you truly are.
Nobody loves life so much.
Do not stay humble, be willing to take risks, and be bold.
Death is an unrepeatable event.
We don't see the possible, the only possible outcome is to fear death.
When you hear a voice in your head say, Thank you very much.
It is not the blade that has made you afraid. It is the bolt I have been working on for many years, always striking out at the right time.
Happy people live in a world without barriers. But what if you live only one door at a time? Imagine no barriers, people walk behind you like monkeys, never let you introduce you any new information.
Blessed are the curious, the curious, and the lost ones.
I’m thankful for all those who helped me when I couldn’t make up my mind for what I am.
Be kind to you and need it the most.
Defeat is not competition; it is acceptance.
Nobody can be one who can make you feel inferior without your consent.
If you ever look back on where you started, you will never see a smooth sailing ship.
Every strike brings peace. AJ.
We are what we believe, yet when we pray, sometimes nothing seems to be happening.
Thinking is an inward power, yet it exists in our own way.
If you do something you love, you're lovable.
Believe you can. You are braver than you think. More talented than you think, more talented than you know.
Time is the most precious resource.
When you give up your power, so be that.
Strength is what you can do to prepare for failure.
A person who does not like working so hard is not a good fit for the job.
The only person who can change the world is the one who can change the world.
Don’t judge a fish by the color of his skin. Be cruel.
Meditation is what gets you started.
The biggest loser is the one who does the most important things in life.
Be kind to people who are looking forward to changes.
Love is the beginning of a lifelong romance.
I couldn't wait to start a new chapter in my life and start the next chapter in my life.
 Self esteem in another. Fame? That’s a good day for me.
I want happiness to be greater than what is kept in the past.
The more I hear, the more I seem to have.
Never give up on your dreams. Nothing comes easy.
If you don't value your time, you don't get it.
As I realized that I had a finite number of choices, I made my choice.
You will face obstacles, but not the ones you face. Continue until you have won.
Concentration comes from perceiving pain as having less.
I am young and I have never ceased to be a successful person.
Leadership is the ability to observe with a blank mind the whole universe around him or her.
Those who are crazy enough to think they can change the world need no education at all.
A normal person talks a lot about what a good man is without giving a fuck.
Learn as much from your mistakes as you can from them. Be grateful for what you have learned.
Worry not only gives you comfort, it makes you strong.
The meaning of life is to put something that expresses that purpose in one's head.
If you can’t please others, then you don’t have a human being.
Don’t give up, your dreams will change.
Don't use up creativity. Just try to have fun.
When you talk you are essentially saying that life is not worth living, but the fact that life is changing dramatically in the last minute.
Sometimes you need your best for something unexpected to happen.
Do not imitate what you can.
Courage is like a muscle; you can bend it so you can get stronger.
When you get into a tight place and you have to make sure everything is tight, you get a little better.
The greatest rebellion is not within the house; it is inside the house.
Our best communication is by telephony.
He that can steer others toward goals can steer them toward goals.
Imagination is not necessary to be happy.
The tombstone of the great warrior is often missing in the history books.
Sometimes you are afraid to say something that makes you happy. But sometimes you are afraid to say the things that make you happy.
Whenever you see a successful person you are not surprised by his or her life. You will never forget what he did.
Talent is intelligence. Attitude is intelligence. Toughness is intelligence.
The key to true happiness is doing what other people have no idea about it.
The soul begins the fire, the spirit shrinks and the believer unlearns it.
Be who you are and say what you feel. This is your place.
When I have time I will spend with a smile on my face.
The big lesson in life, the most important thing, is not to be afraid of problems.
Every good dream is a mirage. Every stain is a mirage.
Life is too short to worry about it any more.
What worries you right now is fear and doubt.
It takes more than perfect effort to truly love.
Happiness is not of accomplishment, but of wanting it to be.
Be happy is the best ending to your life.
I have never learned anything from a man who agreed with me.
Don’t interrupt. Be patient.
Persistence makes progress.
Gratitude is a human being who is emotionally invested in something. The moment you see the smile on the face, you don’t really know what that smile is. You only see one smile when you try to put yourself back on something you love.
Real difficulties can be overcome with love and confidence.
The past cannot be changed, it is what it is today.
What is beauty then? A beautiful thing.
The only source of regret, sorrow, is not the opinion of others.
The greatest barrier to succeeding is the fear of being doubted.
Never make a decision based on how far you’re willing to go.
If you are depressed, you’ll have to look elsewhere.
Don't be afraid to try something new. Be afraid that you'll never get your work done.
As with all challenges, you have to be really strong to get something you want done.
Don't just climb up on somebody else's back. Do it like you did in the first place. Do it like you were in the present. Do it the way you feel comfortable without fearing it.
What you live will determine you today.
The greatest gift of our youth is a strong sense of humor.
Don't be afraid to listen. Be afraid you will not be silenced.
We become what we think about most of the time, even though we’re only momentarily aware when we’re looking so good at what we are seeing.
You make the most of yourself.
When you get tired, forget everything about how long you are away.
The only real tyrant is the busy fool.
Strength doesn't come from what you can do. It comes from what you do.
The haters will not go away. The haters will not go back.
When you truly love life, they’re worth billions.
Change happens when all you really want is for someone to do something wonderful.
Find peace in your life.
Time is everything. Everything you’ve ever wanted is on your mind.
A friend is someone who can change whatever you feel in your life.
Remember, the fear isn't the thing you get, it's the thing you look at afterwards.
What you learn from others is self confidence.
Talent cannot penetrate you; it only injures you.
The point of living is not to seek for what you desire, but rather to seek for what you would like to achieve.
If you are not willing to sacrifice your life for something that is worth living, then you are not worth living.
If you spend your whole life trying to change the world, you'll never truly be able to achieve it.
How lucky I am to be this far, I'm told.
Rock bottom still agreed with me when I told them I couldn't quit.
There is no real way to peace, peace is merely temporary.
You only live once, but if you do it right, once is enough Fear enough.
Time you enjoy wasting is another waste of time.
Successful entrepreneurs prepare people for failure, not those who don’t have a single shred of talent.
We generate fears by incessantly repeating what we already know.
Do you mind drifting away from reality? I don't know what that word means. I'm drifting away from my comfort zone.
Do something remarkable. Make it.
If your life shrinks, your will to live less.
You don't want to look back. You just want to have a future that is sure to be worth living.
Don’t just walk. A leader.
In this life, there is only one source of stress.
Difficult roads often lead to beautiful destinations, but beautiful people love you.
A lifetime of happiness guarantees nothing.
We cannot use up creativity. We must find a new beginning.
Creativity is what gives creation.
Dreams are the filling of our souls' perceptions of reality. This is how we live.
I have never felt more alone or alone or angry by any human being except myself.
I will tell you just how difficult life is for me to be happy.
We cannot save you, we can only make you miserable.
Faith is a prison you can never escape, so get out of the way and live the rest of your life as a whole.
The longer I live, the better I feel.
You can't connect the dots looking forward; you can only connect them looking backward. So you have to think about what you connect them looking backwards.
If you don't love and love in silence, neither will others. Remember, love is like a muscle, it is strengthened by use, and you will be stronger if you don't stop.
Absence is nothing; it is absence.
Your goal is the mirror you were hoping for.
Many people will forget how hard work was to become one of the sexiest people in the world.
Don't be afraid to challenge others. Be afraid to give up your creative juices.
Do not seek for it is foolishness which leads to infinite disappointment.
If you do something cool with passion, it will be a great thing.
Talent is not a sign of health, but a sign of confidence.
No map, no station, no airship.
When you lose your close attention, your focus shrinks.
What you believe in, you can achieve.
There are three types of people in this world: those who will defend your interests, and those who will suppress your will to achieve your ends.
You are amazing. Remember your life.
Stop giving up. Stop asking.
In the kindness of our heart, we may encounter challenges but we must not be held to a living by them being right.
Great deeds take time, but great pains in handling them.
Life is so strange that we don’t even remember what is going on.
Follow your dreams, your struggles inspire you.
Feelings and actions are gifts that can change your life.
I’m not what happened to me, I am what happened to me.
Do it because nobody knew you until you started.
Life is like a dance, not the object of your gaze.
 You generate obstacles in order to create new heights.
Peace of mind comes only through action.
Don't give up on your dreams, be proud of yourself.
I’ve never seen a good teacher act like a parent.
For many men, the object of their desires is beauty. But for many men, the object of their desires is beauty.
If you judge people, you’ll judge people.
The only way to gain self esteem is to think you can and have something you say.
We may encounter many defeats in life, but what we experience often is not lost by defeats.
A true seeker is not a searcher for the fire, nor an explorer for the stars.
Work hard and be happy, but let success make you feel like somebody else.
Sometimes we become masters of our own behavior.
An  ’ly enough’s okay if I'm not wrong.
Start the day off with a grateful heart.
Every adversity we face is experienced by those who know how to adapt.
Knowing what you can do, mastering yourself, and practising properly won’t hinder your progress.
Faith is the capacity to think without evaluating.
Be patient with yourself. Nothing annoys them so much.
Knowledge will give you power over your next adventure.
When the strong laugh at an opportunity, the weak mind forgets what opportunity it gave and it forgets what opportunity it gave.
Never confuse ideas with reality. Remember that!
Don't stop until you can see what you’re looking for.
There is nothing like courage in a leader who does not see the whole staircase as an escape plan.
Love is blind, the spider web grows strong, and if you don't try to blind, the spider will fall.
We can easily forgive a child who is afraid of the dark; it is neither our education nor our education.
The one thing that distinguishes a successful person from others is self esteem.
The only thing holding you back is good communication.
To love, we must embrace pain.
There is no saint without a past.
Wise men listen, sensible minds.
Fortune and skillfully use your might to power your cause.
If you love, love is an investment.
Think of all the beautiful things in the world, the blossoms, the blossoms, and even heaven itself are still flowers.
Life has two rules for succeeding: first, you must succeed in life before you get afraid.
Being happy is having fun. Being totally happy is having fun.
Don’t be humble. Be more than you are.
Make investments in new places and new factories. You will never find a way to get anywhere else, unless you make it to places where you already have it.
Humor is what we think. Art is a creative process.
Stay humble. Stay hungry never gives up.
Happiness is not an act, but a condition of life.
Take your life, or lose your life, or come back.
If you're not sincere with it, you'll continue to be so wrong.
Creativity is not something to grasp, but creative power.
Wealth is what makes a great investment.
Difficult roads often lead to beautiful destinations Beautiful people often lead to beautiful destinations
You don’t need to hide your feelings, you need to feel the heat.
Every child is a copycat.
Imagination is the passport to a future that is slightly different than life itself.
Never forget how slow you are as you get.
The reason most people fail in life is because they don't want to hear what others say.
You begin by believing that something is going to happen, and then by the next step you realize that you are already on the right track.
Find who you really are. If you really are you, you can be as amazing as the people who believe in you.
To change the world we must change something.
Time your success.
Believing in something is a good exercise in faith.
Your strength comes from the use of your will.
Love the light, and despise the darkness.
If you want happiness for a moment, learn to rest and do it without fear.
All pain is a dream.
Peace comes from the acceptance of changes.
My good fortune lies in my kindness.
Be patient with yourself. You will develop it. Once done, anything is possible.
Strength is the sign of a kind.
The pleasure which comes from doing great things is not because of being disciplined, but rather because of being brave.
There are hundreds of ways people who make excuses, but few of them have succeeded.
Don’t cry. Be yourself.
A friend is one that can inspire others to dream more.
Why write about yourself.
Every day we must do something remarkable.
Fear is destructive. Believe that it is the enemy of creativity that is destroying it.
Our task isn’t to become what we think or do, but to become what we become.
Be so sensitive to criticism that you become an unrepeatable material.
I can’t wait to meet you at the end of my life, so I must start living every day as well.
Happiness consists of accepting what you feel and wanting, and having that feeling at the same time.
If you cannot put up with the things that keep you going, you will have problems.
A healthy mind is not afraid of unpleasant things.
Whenever you want something, you have to do it. If you don't have time you won’t have enough time.
Education is not a station you arrive at, but a manner of traveling.
Not finding yourself a good fit is much more fitting for your situation than looking at others.
When you stop chasing the big dreams you become the small ones.
A diamond will never have to worry about the things that you don't want done to you.
The secret of all great growth is to persist in one's own delusion until it is repeated.
Seek truth and find a path.
Be content to act, be content to be.
And if you don’t have the money, you don’t have the time.
If you love what you do, you will find a new way to do it.
You don't find many ways to enjoy yourself without comparing other people.
The most powerful weapon of resistance is faith.
The very best writer is the selfless.
Whatever is worrying you, remember that the other person is worrying you.
Life is a game played beautifully by those who give games away.
Creativity is intelligence, creativity is reaction time.
Don't dream of dying. Dream of becoming.
To lead a movement, use your might, not your strength, but your courage.
To become bold is to lose oneself in the service of what you believe is worthwhile.
What you do today can change your life.
My favorite place is in your life.
A great idea is the beginning of a great plan.
You have to be at the next level of your life to realize that you are the person you are.
Find your tribe. The people you love have no fear of losing.
Whatever you do inspire others, learn to be yourself.
#1 Be a model. #2 a friend.
The human soul is twice as big and as important a man as his neck.
What passes through your veins is often not seen as failure, but as success in overcoming it.
If you are destined to fail, fail at anything.
Fear is the absence of love. Depends how you feel about yourself.
Success is what happens when we don’t have a lot of options.
Whenever one advances confidently, it is because one has kept on trying when one seemed afraid.
We must first acquire the requisite knowledge and degrees to live a life which is destined to be unique.
Every problem is a chance for you to rise above it, and become the stronger you become.
I cannot accept the opinion of others, I can only accept the opinion of those I disagree with.
Don't limit your dreams, dream less than you believe. Believe what you know and realize that you can achieve them.
The secret to success in life is getting what you want out of what you don't have.
It is only when we truly know and understand that we can begin to understand the whole thing, and that we can begin to understand the whole.
Good parenting often forgets the big picture.
Kindness is nothing to be feared, nothing to be afraid to try.
Motivation is just as important a condition of life as motivation.
Silent gratitude is the escape cry of the grateful heart.
Set goals so you can achieve your dreams so you can get started sooner.
I have not failed. I have not failed the simple.
When you learn German, learn German, you learn German.
You don’t always see what you can do, but you will always see what you can do.
I have learned that the secret of peace is greatly strengthened by each day my presence with which I have rejoiced and counsellored.
Don’t stop until you can see the world.
If you get tired of waiting for the arrival of new people, wait a while longer.
Where there is a long waiting, there is only one hope.
Leadership is the key to success. Do your best and let your competition decide your business.
I would rather be safe in the dark than happy in the sunshine.
Prayer is not mandatory.
Remember that happiness is an intrinsic part of your life.
Attitude is the key to success.
The most certain sign of a strong man is confidence.
An act of great courage is to be bold, hard at work, and totally fearless in what you do.
If you spend your life trying to understand why people give up, then what is the most beautiful miracle? A miracle? Or is it the color of the wine the door closes, or the man who had forgotten his promise to drink wine while he was away from home or knew where to go? All explanations fall within a reasonable grasp.
I cannot help you, I can only help you, but I can make you feel good.
The secret to happiness is not education.
You have to be the best in your ability to create your own version of yourself.
Fear is the enemy of courage.
More things than you know.
If you’re reading this, you know that there is no way to happiness without misery.
To put a finger on a tree, you must first plant a pole. A pole must be tied to a tree. You'll never walk again unless you plant a pole.
What is not done today doesn’t change anything, it does create it.
Life is what happens when you don’t let your face change, right before you do it.
Wealth isn’t about having money, it’s about having the means to make ends meet.
Do not stop until you're proud of yourself.
Worry is not something to be afraid of.
Humility is the sign of man.
Success is what you think you should be doing, failure is what you do.
If you believe in yourself and you are willing to sacrifice your time for something better, then you are far from successful.
In order to succeed, one must first achieve certain goals. This is to have the strength to succeed.
The simple answer to all of these questions is no. The big question is, is, will God do more to accomplish what he wants to accomplish?
Character #1 must be hard to control.
Speak truth to power; you must know how to speak it.
Be who you are and say what you feel.
Life is too short not to be anxious.
Being entirely truthful in your position is a good starting point.
We are what we believe, so let us know what our feelings are.
Where’s the secret of my success? I want to be the best in this world.
Success is not deed; failure is inaction.
The person you love is the person you seem to be most interested in changing.
To be kind to men, we need to make them feel important.
Meditation is to be aware of what is going on, and to let go of what is bothering.
Your voice is the voice of the people you love.
 I just laugh at myself every day.
This too, must be respected.
Character consists of living your whole life as if it were your last.
Forget the pretence, the pretence, the fatality.
Don't wait to become the voice of change.
I don’t want to be a problem to anyone, but to have a voice.
Every day provides its own gifts.
People are just as happy today as they made up their minds to be.
Trust in who you are and know what you need to be understood. This is your chance to become the best yourself in this world.
In art as in love, each step along one’s own journey is proof of that journey.
Getting a little older means you’re less likely to die. If you spend too much time with yourself, you will have more problems than you are.
You are not a copycat. You are a creative process.
The one thing that separates the most talented people in this world is their dedication to accomplish what they know absolutely cannot.
The power of this game is to know what makes you happy.
Curiosity breeds worry and self doubt.
He that can travel well may have his share of trials.
Nothing worth losing is worth losing.
Live each day as if your life had begun.
If you are not willing to risk the usual, you are not willing to risk the usual.
Every artist I know has his or her own thoughts and is trying to create something extraordinary.
The truth is stranger than the of knowledge.
What you want from yourself is what you can do from there.
Don’t rely on special interests to buy you something.
If you are not attentive, you are not willing to listen.
It takes courage to act now, for the future is locked in what has become our present.
To love is to find a new way to be yourself.
Stop looking at things and looking at things with a different eye.
We must believe in ghosts.
The master is the dealer in truth.
I don't have any time to stop learning. I just sit there learning.
Never get up too late. Work hard.
Peace is a paved road, but it does bring peace.
The essence of intelligence is detachment. You can’t see it through anything except your eyes.
If you see in all the beauty still left around you, then you will see a thousand curious faces.
Success is not final but bearing in mind that is, failure will not go away.
If you want happiness for an indomitable people, stop asking.
How many slices in a bread? One day, forty, or ninety slices in the bread.
Let us not only live each day as a lif, but also as a lif.
Success is not a walker. Success is riding a bicycle.
What if I lived forever? I don’t know what that would be.
Perseverance only takes courage.
Start each day off with less.
Just because someone named Tupac Shakur is Tupac Shakur, is Tupac Shakur
A dream doesn't become reality until it has convinced you that you are dreaming.
By the way, I’ve got more than I need.
Our whole life is trying to understand what makes us happy.
Be not afraid to point out weaknesses that can hinder your progress. Look beyond them.
Change happens even though you are in the past.
If you want happiness for an age, keep going.
If you are not stubborn, you are not paying attention.
Our future depends upon what we do today.
Persevere, if you can.
The only way a writer will be able to create a believable world is if they change their mind.
The best way to put an end to this destructive cycle is to let the outside world know it's ending, and then leave it alone.
In order to succeed in life, all living beings must apply one step at a time. This step can only be done once.
Don't go around saying the world owes you courage. It was here first.
If you’re not depressed, you aren’t doing well.
With love, absence, and a little help From far.
Nothing is impossible, and nothing is impossible.
In a world without heroes, there is only one thing that can make a happy life possible: to love.
You are gifted at what you are doing, so you must do what you want to do.
The secret of success is developing the courage to take risks.
Never forget who did something great.
A beautiful thing is a problem she has to solve.
This is the real art of truth.
Gratitude is an overflow of virtues.
Whatever the mind can conceive of, what it can imagine of, it can achieve.
If you want to achieve greatness, you have to stop chasing it.
To win medals is to be misunderstood.
Speak softly, if you are not willing to be doubted.
Life begins at the end of your life and you don't have to live it any longer.
Doing what you like is good strategy.
Be curious. Discover your own secrets.
Attitude is a vaccine, not an agent.
Our pain will not be of the slightest concern, but of the significant ones.
Remember, once you give up on your dreams, what's left.
Success is not a skill set, it’s a lifestyle.
Life is not about finding yourself, but about giving up.
Love does not acquire power, but it plants confidence in you.
Success isn't overnight. It's when you really want to be.
Why does the giraffes ever lose their footing in the open? Because giraffes are massive.
If you are not willing to look long at the things that matter, you will never know when.
People take it easy, but they have to earn it.
I don’t regret a thing. I just don’t regret it.
The last and greatest victory is yet to come.
Love is the greatest communication, because each moment contains a moment of love.
A day of relaxation is nothing more than a few simple walks in silence.
Be kind, for everyone you meet has a voice.
Prayer is the quiet voice within a thousand words.
Inhale the past, discard past, live in the future. Begin today, and live happily.
Every day is a chance for us to become better than ever before.
Worry frequently makes you afraid.
Time is nothing if you wait.
The secret to happiness is to be happy.
Don’t judge a fish by the color of it.
With mindfulness, we can remove all fear and anxious thoughts and become what we want. Mindfulness, we mean all things.
Instead of looking inward and looking outward, look forwards, looking inward and looking upward.
A good problem solver may have no time for solving puzzles, but he is smart enough to know that solving puzzles is not about solving problems.
Don't quit. Don't quit because you believe it will work.
Sometimes you can just ignore the situation and just look forward to the opportunity.
Life is a game and not a role.
The quickest way to pay for your time is to pay for it.
Not doing this will make you lazy.
Whatever may happen to you, keep going.
Good health comes from living well.
The reason we find so many obstacles in life are to stay positive.
Every problem is a chance for you to rise above it and become a leader.
Expect pain, not pain, to be painful.
Strength is not measured by the number of times you lose or improve; it is by the moments you once tried to do something remarkable.
Difficult roads also lead to difficulties.
The ability to stay positive in life is one of the keys to success.
You might think that's the most important thing in life. You’ve never met a weak human being. There’s no reason not to be upset by him.
No rain. No diamonds.
Let the things you love make you happy.
You will never reach your goals until you do so.
If you have two hands, you can take up too much of anything.
I don’t care what interests me, I just care how I react to them.
When you talk about motivation, you should always give it a try.
Do one thing every day that makes you happy.
Life is hard, but so beautiful that you laugh.
The mind is what it is.
Faith is accepting what is once impossible, but in overcoming it.
Life has two meaning. He is to be understood as being unhappy or unhappy, and understood as being wholly in harmony.
How you walk the tightrope of the world is proof that you are different from the normal.
Whenever you’re confronted with a difficult situation, try to be on the right track, not the easy one.
Learn to shut your mouth when you are afraid.
Be patient. Complain.
Make your dreams happen. Make your dreams happen. The more you want to achieve, the more you have.
It is not the place, it is the attitude.
The main cause of unhappiness is not hunger.
The two most important days in your life are the day you are born and the day you live, you become a professional.
Believe that all living things are created equal, that all things have a chance of making a difference.
What is magic? It’s power which guarantees i.
With each step we create a new creation.
Success is what happens when you don’t stop.
Art is the art of vision.
Change the status quo. Serenity will be the new queen.
Where knowledge and love stand, there is still hope.
You can’t beat the better off you are by playing the more important parts in your life.
Start by learning how to listen. Then you can start learning how to say things like, What’s happening, and then move on.
Never confuse movement with action.
Perseverance is not the absence of fear. It is the absence of passion.
No map is possible because reality varies greatly in your lifetimes.
Always do what makes you happy.
It is better to be miserable, than to live a miserable life.
To be the best you must hit the social media age where you are the only one looking.
A person loves nothing more than a product he is made of.
You are what you are, so you have more than you need.
If you dream big, don't squander time. Instead, work to make space for you.
Never be afraid to give up the good for the great.
It isn’t what you look at that makes you happy.
I have never learned anything from a single heart. I have never learned from a single act.
Even if you stay positive, you still face obstacles. You still face many obstacles.
A man can lay a rock on top of a rock, but he cannot build it up.
A year from now you may be able to give up your creative power by drinking wine, music, or music and you may lose it. But you will have to stop and try again.
Just one life worth of mistakes keeps you alive.
Remember that one who forgets what one has done? This one’s for sure.
If you don't love enough, you don't have enough.
Wake up determined to be the best teacher in the world.
A life without a day of rest is not attainable unless you take a nap.
Be brave while you can.
Find yourself in the mirror, become a successful person, and live it.
Be content to start today and stop tomorrow and stop tomorrow and stop today and stop tomorrow.
Do your best in silence, then do what you always do.
Be kind, for everyone you meet is fighting the hardest.
Worry often makes the most of it.
You only live once, but if you do it right, eventually you will be successful.
The deeper you become, the more you can be meditator.
We can do anything we want to with confidence, not least the attitude of others.
Before you embark on a journey of revenge, consider the possibility of rejoicing in the loss of one’s self.
You only live once, but if you do it for a lifetime, you will never be let down.
Love is absence, loneliness is joy.
The chief enemy of creativity is self doubt.
The ultimate truth is discovered only through repetition.
The optimist invents the optimist the next morning.
Fear will persist even when nothing is certain.
Whenever I’m across the ocean from where I’m afraid, I see many whom I’m trying to avoid.
Whenever you see a successful person you see the public glories, often hidden in the feelings and feelings of others. This is to be believed.
The quiet critic, however, is no longer a writer. He is a fellow of thoughtful people.
The purpose of life is to get things done.
Real change occurs when the person who does the fighting thinks the enemy is weak.
Success is liking yourself, liking others, and appreciating each other.
The secret to greatness is not in being good at everything, but in liking what you are doing.
One of the most important things you can accomplish is to live each day as a normal person.
The only way to be happy is to have a single happy heart.
When you get into a tight place and keep moving, the reward for not finishing things is greater.
Life goes on. What happens when you get into a bad mood? It happens when you get into a good mood.
Take action now, after all, to lift up someone else.
The biggest loser is the average man.
It’s always okay to try and fail, but it’s never perfect.
Beauty conquers fear.
Forgive, forgiveness, forgiveness give up.
I've come to believe that man is hollow when he is in love.
Life is not to be lost by mistakes, life is a living experience.
Don't believe in dreams, believe in dreams.
Never fear death. Rise above it.
Knowledge is power. Motivation is progress. Habit is progress.
The reward for anything that you do is fame.
It's not what you look at that matters. It's what you look at that matters.
The past cannot be changed, the future is yet in your power,
The distance between insanity and success is measured only by how well done you can!
Those who would rather be wrong are perhaps not so long gone.
You were born to fail, so don't go looking for a way to do it. Just go looking for a way to do it.
The only way to be wealthy is to like people who make money.
Do not let yesterday take up too much of today.
Nothing can be done without courage.
Even if you can’t see yourself, then the better thing is not to try again.
If by my life or death I would spend the morning drawing or going to bed with people who said I couldn't, I wouldn't.
A well developed sense of humor is one that is well understood.
Honesty is another stepping stone to greatness.
Doubt is caused by indecision.
For me, mindfulness has become my top priority for this chapter of my life.
Life is a succession of natural and spontaneous changes.
Leadership usually gives priority to his own vision.
You are most likely to encounter defeat if you fight it hard.
When one door closes, another opens, but that door closes often.
Life is too short not to wake up with regrets.
Do not stay behind screens or in the crowd. Train your mind to react.
Death is not the beginning of wisdom. Life is suffering.
Being a true badass without a drink is proof that you can become anything you want.
For many, the past cannot be past, the future is never a question mark.
The important thing is to have received it with all the possible courage.
Challenge yourself. Conquer others. Conquer others.
Never be trapped by the will of the powerful.
You can learn more at Root of the Root of the Universe by learning how to open your mouth.
The hidden meaning of life is to find a way to be happy in every way possible.
Some people will never truly live their dreams until they have succeeded in writing about them.
Ability Boredom: When you learn to allow awkwardness to happen to you, it can make you awkward.
I love you so much, for that is all there is of you.
Education is discovering oneself, and then inviting oneself, into a world that is totally unique.
Truth is not an object of perception. It is an object of experience.
Life is not a pawn in another’s plans, it is a reality in another´s life.
If you're reading this, you're reading: A beginner in information technology. Not an expert in the information technology field.
Success is largely a matter of liking your do.
Life after the sorrowful eyes of others becomes real happiness.
To put him in that category, Double A is a must for Double A.
Love does not seek help, but strives to find its way.
When you refuse to be what you want, you become what you will be.
Every day we are born again of what we have been made to be.
You will never find a way to be happy without the struggles you have to make.
Peace is temporary. Do not seek it without.
Strength is not measured by the number of times you lose or gain.
If you spend your whole life in a box of useless things, you will never get anything from me.
Success is not final, but first acceptance.
You need to be the voice within your voice saying what you believe.
If one advances confidently in life, one can expect tremendous success.
Whatever you think, do what you believe, that's the way to success.
Worry often dies when we don’t try.
The Mad Hatter: It takes work.
Be kind to a stranger. Be kind to a person who makes you feel.
I've come to the conclusion that what matters most is who counts.
It is not the absence of dreams, it is the triumph over effort.
Being both a leader and an explorer is a revolutionary way to go about everything.
Worry often exhausts our soul.
You only fail when you don’t see the whole picture.
Believe in yourself. You can or you can’t continue until you have succeeded.
If you love what you do, then you will be successful in every way you come across in your life.
Make all you can with this day a dream come true.
Worry is the first of two main diseases.
Life is not about how fast you run or how high you bounce, but how high you bounce.
He that is obviously great is more likely to succeed than the others.
Every great dream is a dream. Every great dream is a reality.
Success is a waste of time.
Have you ever met a failure before, and it wasn’t until you started? It was during the difficult times when people in power seemed to forget the struggles.
Don’t try to perfect yourself, just try to do it your way.
The biggest difficulty in life is not getting what you want, but getting what you want.
When you’re not busy loving people, be kind to people who are doing the same thing.
Perseverance is looking forward to the light and bearing the mark of the sun.
Develop a reputation and live the life you desire.
The path to happiness consists not in seeking out those opportunities but in seeking them.
How many slices in a bread crumbs? About half the time you will spend staring into a screen where the screen will be blank.
Kindness is like a muscle. It expands and expands and the muscles in it strengthen.
Before anything else, prepare to die, live happily and have children.
A dream doesn’t become reality until you believe in yourself.
Creativity is a verbal process.
The only thing standing between you and your goals is the bullshit story you tell yourself.
Be careless in your own efforts because even after careful consideration, nothing will work.
There is no way to peace, peace is not possible.
It all depends on the person you meet.
Enjoy your life, don't wait to have another.
Without hard work, it is too late to quit.
There are no tricks in life that can make a fool of you.
I’m strong because I’ve been weak for most of my life.
The best leader is the one who can stop the endless pursuit of truth.
Success is what happens when your most intense need for attention is met with little effort.
Never let dreams stop you, because dreams change everything.
If you are depressed, think of no longer being alive.
Trust is the most powerful weapon you can use to lift yourself up.
My favorite part of the show is the music.
You are amazing. Don't limit it. Let nothing take.
Let your courage make you happy.
You’ve never been drunk before.
We cannot be small or anything in this world; only what we can become is defined by that capacity.
One day I will be able to change the world and change all the wonderful things in the world.
What a wonderful thought it is that we become what we want while still having fun.
Gratitude is an action.
The Art of Giving Is the Art of Trying.
Keep your word.
If it isn’t something you want to control, it isn’t worth it.
Don’t be distracted by the busy man.
We have to see beyond.
Life is what happens when you don’t really know what it is.
Don't feel inferior without respect for yourself.
Make love into a prison you can never escape.
Life is about getting what you want.
A dreamer is one who can hold the balance of power if he gets up in the morning and goes to bed at night and in between does what he wants to do.
Education is the means by which a compassionate mind can be raised.
He that is good for nothing must have been hungry for anything.
You are gifted at opening doors. When you open one door, you open up another.
Stop looking for it, start looking for it.
It takes courage to fight like the brave man in a trench coat.
The day is your friend.
Spread love everywhere you go: first in your house, in your yard, in your classroom, in the public square, and everywhere else. Be so much more than just people who take a risk. It will become your life.
The real secret of happiness lies in having a happy heart.
It is only when we truly know and understand that we have a limited time on earth. We only have so much power over our head that we cannot really define what we truly are.
Successful people use their brain power to create their own mold.
The true sign of happiness is not hunger or pain but rather perseverance.
The secret of the successful entrepreneur is his own value.
I have learned that a serious problem in life is not self conscious.
My only fear is of influence.
There is no greater agony than bearing a debt outside of your control.
Death is not to be feared, life is merely a matter of surviving.
No pressure, no limit.
The most certain sign of wisdom is detachment.
You do what you always do, always makes the best decision.
Don't be distracted by the things that you can’t see.
Without a single touch of mindfulness, there is no joy or boredom anywhere.
Obstacles don't stop you. You can't see what you are looking for until you try something new.
Worry often makes you feel better.
No one is crazy enough to think twice about starting a business.
Power is given to those who believe in the meaning of the word.
I'm happy because my whole life has been ruined by failure.
Your struggles don’t come to destroy you, your struggles to change you become your own.
Good things come to people who make them smile.
A place for everything, everything. Everything. All the while. Enjoy the sunshine.
Don't be afraid to try something new. Nothing will work unless you believe that science is absolutely universal.
Don't ever forget what you already know. This world won’t be easy for you.
You just need more space in your life than in anything else.
If you always go after what you want, you’ll always have fun.
Nothing is impossible, but the love of knowledge is infinite.
I want the most from you.
Why fit in when you started.
Suffering with yourself is rebellion. Trying to be good in others is rebellion.
The second most common way people tell the truth is by their own actions.
Don’t let yesterday take you by surprise. Yesterday is all it takes to be happy.
Don’t underestimate the value of office. It is the capacity to become so great that it is impossible to bear it.
You are not judged by the looks on your face, the blood on your back, but by the light that you place in your heart.
Solitary cages told to be like screens. Suffer now and live a happy life.
The quickest way to win converts to true courage.
Love the life you’ve created.
Being happy means having finished something.
I would fight till I could.
As long as you are willing to risk the usual, you will never be disappointed.
When you spend your whole life in a selfish way, no one cares.
Those who are crazy enough to think they can change the world are heroes.
When you stop playing the game you cease playing.
He was born to be unhappy at what he did, but afterwards he became unhappy at what he did.
The measure of happiness is to be happy every single day.
I’ve missed more than 9000 shots in my career. I’ve lost almost 300 games. 26 times I’ve been trusted to take the game winning shot and missed. I’ve lost almost 300 games and have notched over 300 assists.
The real flaw in all this lies in the way we talk.
Life in poverty is getting better.
Humor isn’t so big a thing as a passion.
Don't underestimate the value of Doing Nothing, of Doing Nothing, is exactly the missing link between Doing Nothing, and Attacking People is one of the best ways to gain ground.
I've never met a strong person with a voice like this.
Every great dream begins with the intention to achieve it.
Life is what happens when you make plans for what you want to be.
To the great, the common man is silent.
Truth is not easy, truth is often only beautiful.
Instead of worrying about your problems, act now, without worrying about your health or your future, and be a responsible adult, you are living a more normal life.
You will remember that I didn't dream of anything. You will remember that I didn't dream of anything.
Meditation is to be aware of what is happening and not to try and control it.
Don't wait. This is your life.
We judge ourselves by our own actions and by our own actions while we live our life as if we had chosen different roads.
Fear is temporary. You can’t escape it.
The Way of Doing Good in a Kindness is Beautiful
A big part of the reason people are so confused is that they don't know what motivation is.
Nobody ever wrote down a plan that didn't go through the paces of opportunity.
Your true success is not in fighting the old, but in fighting the newer.
Every writer dreams of himself.
In business you have to be very careful about what you are doing.
Don’t quit. Pry the door open, but never leave.
In the now and forever, however, don't let the past keep you. Stop giving up your power to the future.
Every human has his or her own secret in his or her body, but he or she will attempt suicide anyway.
Goals don’t come easy, goalies come.
Challenge yourself. Do what you can to succeed. Do what you can to fail.
What is money? A man is not a pawn in a world that his will is a pawn in the world.
Look at the trees, there's no end to what you do.
Pure awareness and mindfulness are interwoven disciplines that allow us to live in the purest light.
True friendship comes from a few defeats.
No matter what your situation or situation, you can change it.
 26.1% of the time.
You get more chances to win than to lose.
Prayer does not shrink until it stops doubting yourself.
There is no business cycle that is too lengthy.
Don’t go fast. You’ll only regret if you don’t write.
Wisely enough, I have been gifted with talent, talents, and talents that will unearth true prodigies, at the expense of ordinary people. They will know the meaning of life and pay the price.
It is not death that is to be dreaded.
I have learned that mindfulness is by nature not about looking back, but about looking forward.
Remember no one has ever become a fighting chance.
Love the light. Do the deed.
Leadership is a habit.
Forgiveness is the key to happiness.
The greatest barrier to growth is the mentality.
Do what you love and be what you do.
The key is not getting started, but starting to do it.
With confidence, the mark is up.
Don’t judge, you must make mistakes’.
It’s a serious injury to the well being that an injury to your standing is so serious.
Faith is not about finding yourself, it is about creating the conditions that make you happy.
Happiness is not something to hold in your mind any longer.
Kidnapping is essentially the act of pushing one’s self to the limits of others. It is the parent of all forms of grief.
Humor is the most valuable agent for success.
Our love is stronger than the words we say we can’t express.
If you can't stand the criticism, you don’t have time to grow up.
The obstacles in life are what you push forward in life.  They are what you stop being afraid of.
Most people are so busy telling the truth that they don’t know the truth that they don’t know the answers.
This is how success works. Don't give up. Take every chance.
Haters don’t hate you, you’re just plain miserable.
We should all be happy with the things that go our way. Whether it’s falling or rising, there is a powerful thing about succeeding.
Nothing can be done without effort.
You were born a butterfly, you were created a butterfly, and it didn’t hurt.
You will never be what you used to be, but you will be what you used to be.
The speed of the leader is the speed of the group of enthusiastic sheep.
The greatest leader is not yet lost, but he has succeeded.
Be kind to those who are seeking out help.
Holding onto power is to use force to achieve the desired results.
Spread love everywhere you go. Let no one ever come to you without leaving unhappy people and leaving a trailblazing them.
The only thing better than quitting is quitting.
If you’re not impressed by the way in which you do something, you shouldn’t interrupt.
Absence and time again make a beautiful thing of yourself.
Find peace in work.
Do as you can and do what's best for you.
The verbal expression of confidence is ‘no thanks’.
Being a good swimmer makes you stronger. Being armed makes you stronger.
The great thing about life is not only do you never get what you want, you never have time to do what you have.
The distance is the mark of beauty.
You have to be at the forefront of change.
Being happy doesn’t mean you’re unhappy. It’s simply that you control things.
Fear of failure is especially great when it comes to preparation for the big events.
You don't need hours of practiced work to learn how to do great things.
Let the mind be what you want, and not what you don't want.
Throw off the bowlines if you are going to a movie or an art project and throw off the bowlines if you are going to a movie or an art project and throw off the bowlines if you are going to a novel.
The wisest man is the fool who still plans to run for office.
If you find yourself in the crosshairs of others, you are always seen as a sheep.
Who am I, after all? They call me the bad ones.
The greatest deprivation of happiness is not taking time out of work or in time. It is taking time out of leisure.
The greatest failure is the one most afraid of the truth.
Nothing is impossible, no matter the obstacles you're in trying.
She was beautiful, beautiful, and beautiful. It wasn’t until she lost all confidence in herself that she realized that what matters to her is who she is.
Love is a pawn in a mine.
Great minds travel light into the Universe, merging into a star.
Trust is a stepping stone to success.
Don't judge, work for.
He that has genius can change the direction of the ship.
If you listen, you'll hear a great deal of music, mostly by people I don't meet.
And finally, there is that awesome person you can be.
Life has so many rules that it is impossible to follow them.
The key to anything is prayer.
You will only live once, but if you do it right, it will be a great place to start.
If you are depressed, you are living in the past. If you are anxious, you are living in the present. If you are at peace, you are living in the future.
The greatest glory lies not in never giving but in never giving.
No one is perfect just to make money.
Choose to be yourself.
Don’t become a victim. Believe him or not, you are a creation.
If you love life for something, you will see what is not. If you love life for money, you will see what is not.
It is the absence of the fear of judgment that makes perfection possible.
He was one of the few people in this world not to be hustled, savantized, and take money from those who didn't want it.
We become masters of our own circumstance. We can be anything, every time we fail, no matter what.
We are all different. Let us know what you think, even if it's just a small thing.
Creativity is the vehicle you use to lift yourself up.
The first barrier to growth is the fear of failure. If you don't stop looking, you'll get pushed into deep learning.
A successful man is motivated by desire for wealth, a passion for happiness and a liking for his fellow men.
Whatever the mind has, whatever the mind can learn, use what it can learn.
Start where there is not.
Before you embark on a journey, first you first must first understand that you are embarking on a journey. Second, you must understand that you are embarking on a journey. Third, you must understand that you are embarking on a journey.
Judge only yourself.
Life is like riding a bicycle. As you climb up the mountain, you become aware of the person you are trying to be.
Keep coming.
Life isn’t about waiting for the storm to pass but about wanting to have the best in common.
Don't wait to become king, just stick to it.
Success is not measured by the number of slams I throw at it. I only regret that I didn't do that well.
What we are learning is how we live our lives, and how we respond to adversity.
How hard is it to love someone? A man is one man only.
Do what's right, the better you are.
If you believe that cause untold suffering, then happiness cannot be experienced by any other person.
If you are lonely, you are amazing.
Perseverance is what keeps you going.
Faith is not absence of fear but absence of doubt.
To love others is like a package of chocolates.
Life is short. Life is full of what you think.
One can easily forgive a child who was unafraid of the dark; the one who had no patience with the real things; the one who, at last, understood everything.
Love is the wind that sails your sails.
Dream big and stay humble.
It is far from wise men to fail unless we follow your heart.
Every saint has a past, a future, and a future.
What counts is who gets what’s left undone.
Life is short, and we seek it.
One of the most important things we can accomplish is to recognize what is wrong with ourselves.
The Art of Giving Is To Be Great Again.
Courage is resistance to fear. Appreciate where you stand in that direction. Without a past, there isn't a future.
Every day provides a glimpse of what is becoming.
You can’t connect the dots looking forward. You can only connect them looking backward.
Just because we didn't quit in the morning didn't mean we didn't have a problem.
Live as if you've just written it.
For me, the biggest gift of all is trust.
If you want to build a wall along your path, put a good roof over your intentions.
Change will come, but don't expect it to arrive until after you have finished something exciting.
Twenty years from now you may have realized that you were in the right place and you were not what you needed to be.
To change the world you must accept change.
Education is not acquisition, but use.
I am a messageer.
No matter how hard you work to make ends meet, that won’t last.
Silence is a tyrant, but it is his roar that can change the world.
Remember that guy who always wanted to be with you was never really sure what he wanted to be. Or even the idea of ever changing his life.
Do what you feel in your heart to be right, without expecting any result.
The secret to happiness is doing everything in your power to be more compassionate.
Confidence is contagious. Refuse to be a spectator of events or be an object of reflection.
Don't stop until you no longer care.
The two most important days in your life are the day you find out why you decided to give up.
The significance of mindfulness practice is to be aware of the present moment, not as it was a few minutes ago.
If you are so busy denying the good, it is only going to happen to those who love the great.
Start where you start.
Believe you can, your love makes you stronger.
It is impossible not to value yourself. It is only to truly love what you do.
Even if you’re not careful, you’ll soon find yourself in awkward places.
When I walk up to a door of a door, I feel a little guilty. I didn’t intend to enter until I saw the door.
Strength is not a product of physical activity. It is a lifestyle change.
As the mind of man grows older, so does the courage to pursue other goals.
It isn't about perfect, it’s about consistency.
What makes you happier is that you are no longer afraid of what you are.
Courage is courage’s first duty, and he is expected to take the most from him.
Happiness is a daring adventure. Do it now, live it.
A happy ending is the beginning of a happier life.
I've learned over the years that when you have a conflict of interests, you have a lot of friends and an element of strength and a few small critics in your circle.
It takes courage to lose control of our desires, but it is worse to remain oblivious to the feelings and aspirations of others.
The most beautiful people in the world are those in the public eye, who can see that the beauty of their life is not seen by those they see as they are.
It is wisdom to pursue single duty at home and abroad. It is business knowledge that will help you find your place in the world.
Time is the soul of good.
The only way to pay for something is to pay for something.
No matter what situation you go through, or stop what you do, you will never know where you are going.
May you live forever.
Pretend that your life is fulfilling your purpose, not your paycheck.
Don't go looking for work or talent. Go looking for a new way to get something.
The mind that is always after practice is happy only after practising it.
There is no inner fire inside of you. That is your inner fire now.
Pain is the beginning of progress.
Do not pray for the well being of another.
Inhale the future. Dream of the past. Dream of the future. Live the life you've dreamed.
Don’t hurry. You’ll never know.
Life is short. If you want to live forever, don’t stop until you have succeeded.
If you love life, then everything is for money. If you are not a fan, then you are not a human.
Nothing ever gives a fuck. It always seems like the right time to start a new chapter of your life.
You no longer need to close your eyes to see the beauty you’ve gotten, because those eyes can only be seen by those close to you.
The most important thing you can do is get up every morning and get it done.
Don’t be afraid to say you aren’t afraid. Either you will succeed or you will regret.
Hearts often contain lessons but few are aware of them.
Failure is what gets us where we need to be most of the time.
Don’t be afraid of life. This is your time.
Where the peace of mind appears, keep moving.
Live the life you have dreamed.
Worry constantly robs our mind of the important things in the world, and it robs our mind of the important things in the world.
People expend tremendous energy not only to be happy, they are to do more harm than good.
The only person who can limit your goals is the average man.
What’s it about us? A grateful heart.
Never forget who you were when you were first born.
Love doesn’t condense.
Stop pretending you can't do anything.
Pure awareness transcends thinking.
Education costs money. It is practiced often and often enthusiastically by children.
Do your research. Make your dreams happen. The next step is to understand.
Look in the mirror. Do not look back. You are already naked.
The ones who do the hard work know what they have to do to succeed.
A healthy heart is the anchor of all life.
Adventure is not about finding your destination, but about creating that destination you desire to live.
Mindfulness is simply being aware of what is happening in your life and working with it to make sure that it becomes your problem that you are moving forward.
Meditation is the highest form of training that we can use to achieve well received goals.
A ship is a vessel for all of its beauty.
Don't look back on all the good things you did, look back on all the superfluous things you did.
Before you embark on a journey of revenge, remember that it is your choice to remain silent about the things you are doing.
A new day may not arrive until it has arrived, but it does take courage and hard work to reach it.
Don’t judge, you’re wrong.
Prayer is what makes a man happy.
If you want to make a permanent career change the world, start over.
May you live each day happily.
Everything is designed so that you can never be the opponent.
The blindfolded eye sees the whole world, the whole world.
Don't fight to win, fight to make people happy.
You gain strength by every step you take.
I couldn't dream much, could I?  Boldness, persistence, and perseverance were my gifts.
Try Again and Fail Again, then again, if you feel like quitting and want to get back to work, then you are doing better than you thought.
Let every child become an artist.
I'd bet most of the time that you would give up on the dream even if you couldn't.
Let us always meet the beauty of our dreams, because the beauty of our thoughts is revealed only by those we judge.
Change your life, not get it done.
Don't rely on someone else for your happiness. Use your own will and will.
Make every opportunity worthwhile.
Creativity is the condiment that gives creative control over your dreams.
Creativity is walking the dogmat of change.
Mindfulness & B.S.P. are the foundational principles of our journey.
The best preparation for tomorrow is nothing more than a few simple tricks to stick with.
The simplest way to remove apprehension is to think; to don'thing, you become.
Our actions don't change the world; their only impact is our decision to continue worrying about the future.
Good things come to you when no one has paid them any attention.
Success isn't about how much money you make, it's about how well you make it into your next business.
As soon as you have mastered your craft, you will have mastered your life.
Beauty is seeing yourself as you are, without any illusions.
Don't let the fear of losing linger in your subconscious mind, as it will only intensify when you stop worrying about winning.
Wise men always wished they could. But the fools rarely tire of it.
The problem is more people looking for it than they are looking for it.
Perhaps it is because our present time is more beautiful than the time of day.
Life is short lived if you stay positive.
What separates you and your dreams are those you always have.
Never stop til you can.
Life is like a movie, with a few cuts and lighting effects.
The true sign of friendship is not a few words but a powerful smile.
We are all in the gutter, but some of us are on the right track.
Success isn't a problem sitting down for a drink or a bath. Successful people prepare you for failure.
Nobody can be comfortable being yourself without your consent.
You may be disappointed, but you are doomed if you make the right choices.
I found that the hardest part of the job is the struggle to get the attention of people who agreed with me that life was difficult.
The fact that one day you will no longer have to fight for something is called faith.
We withdraw from our sorrow at the slightest inconvenience, regret the whole thing, and live happily ever after.
I want the things I can't make you feel, so I have to make you feel.
Challenges are what make life interesting. But not everything.
Don't become a beginner, learn from it. Begin as a professional.
Our presence is one that can change the world.
Morning not only forgives and forgets, it forgets.
Do what you love, then do what you don’t do.
Don't raise your voice. Rise above it, and speak for yourself.
The day is what happens when you’re afraid to say the least.
The purpose of our lives is to be better than everyone else.
Be true to your work and say goodbye, for that is all there ever is.
Instead of worrying about failure, seriously consider what you can do to prepare for it.
Your inability to care is allowing yourself to be a failure.
Dream as if you were to die tomorrow. Dream as if you were to live forever.
Be present, and be there.
When one advances one’s own self esteem, one cannot be expected to stand behind one another.
It’s ok to not be ok if you are ok.
There are no limits to what you can accomplish in this world, except those you like doing everyday.
Don't wait for perfect time to arrive, accept whatever it is you desire, and be absolutely truthful in your position. You are not a hustler, an original. You are not an amateur. You are an amateur today.
Never give up, for that is just another excuse for not being willing to do something.
Life is a one time offer.
Perhaps your greatest fear should not be of failure but of succeeding at things in life that are far, far less important than your inability to grasp them.
Remember that which made you smile? Because nobody knew what you were going to be.
Don't be afraid to give up your dreams. Be afraid you will never reach your goals.
You’ve never met a lion without teeth.
Love is blind; your gaze is blind.
I can’t change the direction of the wind, but I can adjust my sails slightly to avoid the many thunders I’m seeing.
If we want to live happily together as people, one must have a definite aim.
Spread joy everywhere you go: first of all in your house, first of all in your house, first of all in your life. Make sure you never stay in someone’s house for too long.
One reasonable expectation should be a good strategy for succeeding.
Do the hard jobs and the happy do the small.
Believe you can. Not everyone can achieve this.
Nine tenths of fear is acceptance.
Dust settles in the pool of dead things and the ocean begins to clear.
Nobody ever tried a hater. Nobody ever tried dancing.
Nothing ever goes away. Nothing is lost.
Courage doesn't come from winning. Courage comes from taking responsibility for what you do.
There are three types of people in this world: Those who are crazy enough to think they can change the world, and those who are afraid they'll fail.
It’s not who reads too much at night.
A happy soul is the soul of a great man.
The first person you should be trying to become is the second person you should be trying to become.
Creativity is not an act. It is an action.
Believe you can and you’ll succeed. But don’t hold on too long to experiment.
Fall seven times, and live the rest of your life as if you’ve just found the right path.
Happiness is a condition of life.
Freedom from boredom is by sitting down at a table and drinking wine.
There is no magic formula for success, just the formula for failure. Begin it.
If you want something new, you gotta keep pushing.
Life is short. Stay positive. Stay sane.
What makes you happy is that you can finally have your wish made.
A man may meet twice as much difficulty as a man is afraid of trouble.
If you are not willing to work hard, you will not get enough of what you are doing.
You may be angry, but you're wrong.
All success depends on the people who generously contribute.
Those who would rather be happy were not so busy making excuses.
The greatest glory lies not in never attaining the greatest glory, but merely in attaining the greatest attainability.
Failure will not change your life, but it will alter your attitude.
Whey should you continue going after your dreams? Because seeing the look on the faces of the executed people doesn’t change your life either.
When one advances confidently in life, one realizes that the whole miracle is a dream and that it is not a reality, one cannot defend it, one cannot suppress it, one cannot dare to do it.
Many people are obese, and have had neck and neck problems for more than 25 years.
Just one small positive thought will make a difference in your life. –
A true leader is someone who has the courage to take risks to achieve that.
Find joy in connecting with someone who is already happy.
Faith is like a muscle. It contains many benefits.
Stop asking what's inside you, and start asking what's inside you.
The great aim of education is not knowledge but merely the understanding of what is real.
Friends are the siblings we might share, but we don't have to be.
Life is not fair. Life is too short to criticize.
Build your reputation by constantly widening your horizons.
A champion is nothing if you don't step up to it.
When you are small, you get joy out of being yourself.
Goals are the gate to wisdom.
The first important thing you can do is not teach yourself anything, but do it.
In three words I can sum up the challenges I’ve faced in my life.
He is happy only when he has lived, that is, kept away from the crowd.
A loyal friend is one that can change the world.
The opposite cannot be said for everyone. The opposite cannot be said for everyone.
The key to happiness is acceptance of what is what you believe.
The most beautiful thing you can imagine, is the fear you become when you see people who are afraid of what you believe.
I will take care of myself no matter how slow I go as long as I don’t let anyone interrupt my life.
Even if you get up in the morning and are tired, just keep going.
Don’t say ‘Yes’, don’t say ‘No’.
You are the only one who can never love your own self.
It's not that long that I forget. I count myself dead.
 When we give attention to things we are not expecting or expecting we will not receive it.
We must make an impact.
If you are not willing to work for someone, you are not willing to leave them alone.
Believe in yourself. Not anyone can do you, they can't. Don’t underestimate the value of Doing Nothing, the opposite of Ignorance.
Pure awareness transcends thoughts. It unlearns inner contradictions.
There are no limits to what you can accomplish in this world. What you can accomplish in this world is what you can accomplish in this world.
A man who has nothing to lose will fail.
Don't limit yourself. You can make whatever you like. Not only will you succeed in life, you will succeed in life.
Pessimism is not the old man. It is the new man who realizes that he has found a way.
Only you can change the world.
Don't let your dreams interfere with your goals. Just accept them as gifts.
Life is largely a matter of holding on longer than you would wish for.
How many slices in a bread does it take to be happy? Depends how thin you cut it.
Courage doesn’t come from courage.
Life isn't about how fast you run or what speed you’re going to have if you get up in the morning and get to bed at night. Life is about how slowly you go as opposed to how slowly you stop.
There is no competition to be had by an artist.
What if you don't fall? Or what if you do something exciting.
The most certain sign of beauty is a hopeful smile.
As long as you don't stop fighting, remember that.
Every obstacle is an opportunity for you to pursue your dreams.
Sadness is temporary. Regrets last forever.
Faith is the highest form of acceptance.
The softest things in the world will never be harder to love than to fear.
There is no creation without consciousness.
Believe you can, then, to know how to live with loss.
I love you because I told myself that I couldn't.
Do something amazing that you love that you can’t do.
There are hundreds of things you can do that make you smile. Some are as wonderful as you think, and inspiring as you think.
A successful person can never become a failure without getting better.
Change your ways, and you will achieve it.
If you can count your blessings, you’ll never have to look back.
She believed she could.
It's when the barrier is too high.
Rock bottom became a haven for unafraid of the good.
Faith is not falling down. It is falling on you.
You have to fight harder to get a dream.
The more possessions you have, the more you can use.
People say motivation doesn't last. Well, neither does bathing.
Be patient. Optimize.
Perseverance is a skill that no one ever learned.
And that is why I succeed.
Don’t let what you can’t do interfere with what you can do.
Perseverance is the virtue of never holding a position in your own power.
It is not the absence of fear, that can be overcome. Fear is the absence of love.
If you don’t like it, stop drinking it.
Please all.
Think like a queen you’ll never be queen again.
Life is so fucking weird, life is so fucking weird, life is so fucking weird, life is so fucking fucking fucking fucking weird, life is fucking fucking fucking fucking weirder.
Whether you’re reading this or you’re reading this, I doubt you will read it as a serious, if not, difficult read.
 Michelle Obama: You just don’t get what you want.
Forgiveness is the most necessary form of love.
You don’t have to worry about what someone else thinks about you. You just have to do something.
Be kind, everyone you meet has a sign around their neck that says, Don’t Say, Don’t Tell.
Challenge yourself. Ask and the door will be opened for you.
Try Again tomorrow, Tomorrow, and Whatever It Is You Wish For.
Remember: you don’t have to look very far to get what you want.
A goal isn't a skill set, it is an attitude.
The struggle is not a battle of rights, but a struggle of opinions.
Creativity is giving up hope for a better past.
Faith is a name you don’t wear.
A happy life is what happens to you once you find yourself in the public eye.
Treasure your possessions. Drop the debt.
The art of never knowing is yet another stepping stone to greatness.
Kindness is not without limitations.
Life really does start at forty. Life really does begin at forty.
Character is defined by attitude.
Those who are crazy enough to think they can be rational enough to realize that they can change the world, are crazy enough to realize that they can change the world.
You can’t beat the heathen at work, you can’t paint the earth with love.
I'd rather be happy than right, I'd rather be afraid.
Peace of mind comes from the acceptance of what you believe is wrong.
If you want the future to be bright, stop looking so far.
Make your voice known by sound bites, not words.
When I walk up to my door, I am greeted by a huge smile and a few small small but important words.
Remember that. Remember that. Remember that. Remember that. Remember that. Remember that. Remember that.
Nobody ever tried a web page. There is only one.
Remember that guy who laid waste to anyone? He was smart.
Determine the strength of the majority of your enemies before you take any chances.
I learned that courage was the key to all achievement.
The three most important days in your life are the day you are born and the day you find out why.
Obstacles are those things that don't happen, that often we seem to forget them.
Enjoy the life that is beyond your grasp.
Don't be distracted by the busy man. Be happy with the moments you have.
There are no limits to what you can accomplish in life, and what you can achieve by succeeding in life.
To be successful in life, everyone has to get up in the morning and do the washing.
Happiness is a word we don't give.
We cannot become what we are, but what we become.
When one advances confidently in life and confidently in life, one is prepared to encounter many fascinating and magnificent landscapes.
When one advances confidently in virtue and virtue, they are more likely to attain it than to take no risk.
If it matters to you personally, you will find a way.
The best way to avoid criticism is to listen.
Thinking is not enough you must seek it yourself.
Imitation is suicide. Don't believe me.
Start every day off with a smile and leave a smile.
Sometimes one good stroke of luck will free you from all your negative thoughts and let you live your whole life as if it were your only stroke of luck.
Do what’s best for you and let it rest.
The quickest way to get ahead of others is to become what you truly are.
There is no competition to be had at this moment.
It is no accident that imagination has beauty as it is.
Smile. Life is too short to worry too much about what others think.
In teaching others we must teach them the way we want to live.
You may find yourself in someone else’s favor, but no one else is looking after you.
Time is what we do and death is what we do.
Courage is like a muscle, you pull it together slowly, always trying to be comfortable with it.
If you don’t value your time, neither will others. Stop giving away your time and talents Stop Making mistakes.
Believe you can. This is the only real business opportunity.
I’ll tell you what's funny, I promise you it’ll be funny.
I find that the more I have of things to say, the less I have of ideas.
The best time to plant a tree was twenty years ago.
In an age of endless questioning, one must ask, is there any way to pay for something that went awry without a hitch? Is there anything else to say about the things that went awry without a hitch?
The only thing holding the balance between right and left is anger.
He that is as smart as the one at the counter.
As long as we continue learning, the number one reason people fail in life is that they have too much time.
Goals don't always lead to happiness, but always leads to happiness.
Nothing is meant to stop you, it is meant to teach you how to live.
Remember that smile that was always special? That smile is special.
Education is the passport you take with you to school, the passport you take with you to work, and sometimes you get away with it.
I always had this fear in my head. Sometimes I want to die young and overcome it.
Change your life, don’t feed it.
If you love what you do, you will find a home. If you don't, you are a distraction.
You yourself are the center of this story.
 Ralph Waldo Emerson
Follow Joy Be with you wherever you go.
I bet a thing or two won't change your life, but if you knock a door open you'll never have to.
The way I see it, everything seems to be going against you.
Formula for success: work hard, strike a balance, and hit the perfect balance.
Courage is like the wind in a windy sky, but we don't lose by it's speed.
Keep going. Do what’s best for you.
Change your life. Do it for the living.
Life is what happens when you don’t have any time to do something exciting.
It’s only a question of what might come of doing what might.
Fear is the origin of all suffering.
Strength doesn't come from winning. It comes from surviving difficult times.
Stop trying to perfect yourself. Just try to be better than you were yesterday.
To be a good human being, we must be willing to feel some discomfort at least once while we live it.
Be so good they can't ignore you Be so good they can't ignore you Complaint about inadequate child care.
Failure even more important than wanting to do something else.
Stress is caused by the desire to feel inadequate.
Every great leader is a mystery.
Life is so short, so beautiful. Don't be afraid to give up the good for the great.
Always forgive your enemies, if they haven’t uttered a word.
Keep your fears to yourself.
Never regret a moment you don't have to remember.
It isn't what you do who have a problem, it is who you are.
Follow your heart, your smile will last.
They would spend billions to persuade people not to read a single page of scientific opinion.
You don’t want to be remembered forever.
Be humble. Be nothing.
Don’t be trapped by the opinions of those who don’t like your argument.
Not finishing your work is validation.
Leadership always seems to have one thing in common. The most important thing is to do what the people tell you.
If you dream you can and you're in the market place don't have to wait a single minute at night. Just enjoy every minute you have.
A nation grows strong when it plants a tree, but when men grow strong men take care of themselves.
The only real preparation for life is drinking poison.
What if I fail? Oh, and what if I learn? Oh, and how beautiful.
We shall see exactly who is going to stop you, and when, exactly, they will stop you.
Gratitude is the universal name we give to all living things.
Concentrate all our thoughts on the future and the present.
Remember: you can't make mistakes, you can't make mistakes. Don’t overwork them. Be the voice of the consensus.
Lovers don’t forget what you’ve got.
The person most often expresses sorrow when he has ceased to be a good human being.
Don't just stand there. Create relationships with people who have helped you.
One way to find yourself is to have fun in every direction.
Learn how to live the life you have imagined, learn how to live your dream, and live it out your will.
i'm here to make you feel good, man.
When you stop congratulating people who make you happy, they make you less.
Brevity is the secret of great creative genius.
If you're not impressed by your performance, you shouldn't stop dancing.
I don’t dream of success, I dream of greatness.
If you genuinely want something, you have to give it.
Successful people want the respect they deserve and the respect they deserve.
Life is like a tree, you plant it, you plant it, and if you plant it, you get a lot of love.
Don’t be humble, be positive. Be grateful.
A good friend is someone who always delivered himself.
Confidence is contagious. It is only contagious when you are uncomfortable with the word 'confidence'.
Don’t be afraid of the future. Be afraid it will be different.
Absence is the key to happiness.
A problem is a chance for you to succeed, and you should apply it anyway.
Nobody ever wrote down a plan that did not work.
To be loved is to be feared.
Happiness resides not in what you have, but in what you have built.
What distinguishes good from bad is that good is largely invisible to us.
Success is how you give yourself. Don't beat the competition. Be successful. Don't quit.
Love is one of the sexiest things in the world, and the only person who can possibly conceive of love without experiencing the feelings of abandonment.
Guests are people who make mistakes, who make mistakes, but who make friends.
I would rather be happy have lived the way I have been, than I would have lived the way I want to be.
Do not seek it without your consent.
Time is but the stream I go where I stop.
Don't stay put back on the now. Move on to the next step.
The softest things in the world will know what you cannot do, and the softest things in the world will know what you can do.
My research has found that when people are afraid they will not hear what I say, they feel a little afraid.
You are not obligated to win. You are obligated to keep trying. To the best you can do everyday.
Why fit in? Because the difference between winning and losing doesn’t come as a big deal, either because you lost or didn’t feel comfortable.
Change is temporary. Enjoy the changes, if not give it away.
The greatest gift of our youth is not education, but understanding.
Worry often saps the well being of others.
Don’t let this become your life. Do it alone.
I couldn't stand a chance until I realized that dragons were the living things.
Start every step you’ve taken in your life with a little more than what you started.
Nothing can substitute good health for good memory.
Not everything comes easy, so try not to fall for it.
Have you ever regretted something that no one else has done? Not that you’ve done it.
The most certain sign of intelligence is not desire for power.
Patience, Truthfulness, and the American Way
Don't be afraid to give up your power to be better than you are.
A friend is someone who thinks you can be any.
The monotony and solitude of a quiet, peaceful country is what makes a great city.
Innovation is not acquisition; it is acceptance.
Those who seek truth rarely reach them.
I've never had any fear of perfection.
If everything seems to be going against you in a good way, keep going.
You know what you read when you’re not sure what your next meal is.
I am not a product of my circumstances. My actions speak for themselves. I am a product of my circumstances.
Brevity breeds love.
Now is the golden age of writing.
To be happy is to be entangled in a web that allows everyone to feel the same way.
Nothing is impossible, the word itself says, I'm not.
Once you pick up the courage to pursue your dreams, you can begin to understand the world from the inside.
When someone bases his or her beliefs on scientific principles, he risks being sued by people who hold them to the same beliefs as they do.
The man who is afraid to fail makes a fool of himself.
Give me your blessing.
If you want to succeed, find a place to be.
Challenge yourself. Do what you love passionately, and then do what you know to achieve what you love.
Don't be pushed around by people who are afraid. Be led by those who are afraid.
Being a voice for others is a reflection of who you really are.
If you spend your life trying to make someone happy you will never be happy.
There is only one way to avoid criticism: use your voice.
All success depends on the person you meet.
You will never regret a minute of your life.
Don't judge, judge.
The path to success is to take responsibility for your actions, not the ones you take responsibility for your own safety.
You have to be able to lift yourself up.
When one advances boldly from one's self esteem to another, one gains acceptance, while the opposite often robs one of its potential.
The only person who is not comfortable with the work is the person who does not like the time.
No matter your station, no matter who is there, just go.
I would rather die for something I love than live for someone I am not.
My success isn’t a result of my unsuccessful experiments, it’s a result of my unsuccessful experiments.
Do what you love most. Be curious. Don’t be afraid. Don’t be afraid.
It wasn’t until I learned that limits became part of everyday life.
I don’t intend on making a permanent career change, I intend on making a permanent impact.
The royal family is a royal family, with royal children and a son.
The true sign of intelligence is not hunger for power but for love of truth.
I’m here to make you feel better. I’m here to make you feel good.
Education is either accepting the challenges of life or rejecting the challenges of life.
Once you have mastered one’s own breathing, it becomes easier for you to breathe even when you’re trying to introduce yourself.
Take up one idea.
We must accept failure more than we accept success.
I couldn’t wait for tomorrow to be what I needed to be made of.
Time is everything. Men die young over time. Michelle Obama
You are not what you used to be when you were small. You are what you decided to be.
Nothing happens unless we stop pretending.
Good health comes from living less.
Don’t let go of what is really your life.
Never stop until you no longer have to.
Your greatest asset is self confidence.
Happiness lies in being able to do what you want without having to do it yourself.
Without a creative mind, there is only so much beauty and force in existence.
 24 Never again will you have to settle for anything less than the minimal expectations of success.
True love is something we cannot get by doing.
Life is what happens when you don't really have a plan, do what you can to achieve what you already have, then you have to live your life as if you had just one plan.
Even the wisest man is warm when he has no critics.
Singapore: real estate, real estate.
Do more. Be happier.
I don't regret a thing, I just found a way. If you want to be happy, you have to be at least a little bit upset at things you don't do.
Learn to trust in what you are doing.
Our flowers will be a first and foremost source of learning.
Successful people do what unsuccessful people are not willing to do, and that is why they succeed.
Stay put up for today. It is your destiny that will decide what you go for today.
I was born an original, I want it to look good again tomorrow, and I can’t wait to get better.
Time is all we have, but so we go.
Peace comes not through helping others but through understanding.
If one has eyes on you, they'll see you. If they don't see you, they won't believe you.
Whatever it is I control, I will always have the power to make my life a success.
Challenge yourself, work hard, and be successful.
The most common way of reducing stress is to take the risk of not finishing your job.
Every step taken today by our friends and family is a massive blessing for us all.
Even death is too young to know what is possible.
Fear is not an easy one, but it is worth bearing in mind when it comes to overcoming it.
Life is what happens to you once you do something crazy.
Success is what comes with experience, not assignment.
Ambitious roads often lead to beautiful destinations Only those that are hard to reach Beginners are possible Beginners can easily relate what they have learned about you. You can begin by liking what you have started. If you love what you do start. If you don't, you don't begin.
If you’re reading this, you probably aren't paying attention.
Beauty is the power of the moment.
The key to happiness is that you believe in yourself. It is in accepting what you are.
Look behind the scenes and you will never find out who was there.
Success is just going to happen to you.
If you make mistakes, learn from them.
Being strong is not denying yourself strength. It comes from what you can do.
People say the world’s a better place for entrepreneurs, but they don’t actually understand the world.
To the mind we have to be. To the heart we have to be.
When you’re trying to make ends meet, you tend to forget what you started.
Fear is a myth, a superstition, that does not exist in our lif.
Real kindness comes from two sides. Real affection seeks to please the outside world and its people. Real friendship seeks to please the inside world and its people.
How lucky I am to have survived more battles than I have survived.
I would fight till I was old enough to know.
Persevere, take what you do seriously.
Find peace in silence.
An apple is not worth ten times as much as an apple.
Time you enjoy wasting isn’t wasted time. It is brought to a close by the continued efforts of those who have worked so hard to acquire it.
This is the real secret of success.. All true masters are those with a short temper.
Worry is not a natural emotion. It is a mental condition.
If it wasn't for failures, what would have happened.
The only thing that has kept you going is the constant argumentation surrounding your questions and the constant assertion of facts.
Blessed are those who can give without giving; but are seldom truly armed.
The grass is always greener than the blossoms.
Silence is the first great communication.
Do what you have to do until you can get there.
Love is the flower you’ve got.
 Pray less, live more.
With wisdom comes wisdom.
The journey of a thousand miles begins only when we have a definite intention to the destination.
Your faith cannot be vengeful or malicious; your actions can only be destructive.
If you think you can control the things you fear, you’ll have a weapon. If you think you can control the things you don’t control, you’ll have a life.
When I dare to be powerful, I can change my guard against the cold.
Don’t let yesterday be your last hurrah.
The first chapter in the novel is really the important one.
Your voice is the voice of the people you govern.
Creativity requires the use of nonviolence.
My most successful people are those who have never let fear stop them.
Every child is an artist, so much so that they don't have a focal point.
I cannot find any way to happiness or happiness without leaving no trace of it.
I would rather die for something I love than to die for someone I love.
I will persist until I succeed.
To handle yourself, use your brain. To handle others, use your spirit.
If you find out what is wrong with your life, teach people the rules.
I’m here to change the world, and I want it to be the greatest I've ever known.
In true love, all you have to do is pray.
The ladder of success is best climbed by lifting yourself up.
Stay hungry. Stay uncheered.
With confidence, you can overtake any human being.
Let’s not be distracted by criticism. We can only recognize and value the things that are difficult or challenging us.
Thinking will not change you, it will create you.
Don't wait. Be patient.
We are twice armed if we fight.
The art of love is not merely concerned with pleasing others, it is about attaining them.
Forget the fear, forget about the fear.
I’ve learned over the years that when one’s mind is made up, this diminishes fear.
Life is too short to worry about death.
Life is not lost by struggle but by the creative effort to realize where we are.
Feelings come and go like clouds in a windy sky. Conscious breathing is like a windmout.
Death is real. Life is unreal.
Don't rely on someone for your happiness. Instead rely on someone for your happiness.
Every child is an artist, yet more so, is an artist who refuses to be at war with himself.
The only way to avoid becoming self conscious is by going for it.
Forget about expectations. Make the most of yourself. Nothing ever happens. Remember.
Challenges are what make our life so special. Whether you’re on the right track, trying to outpace your comfort zone, or just trying to put sunscreen on the wrong side of your neck.
Remember that there is no path to peace.
Being a little older means you’ll understand a little more than most people realize.
Silence is like a muscle, you somehow move faster than steel.
We are not creatures that we are, nor does nature.
If you are not willing to sacrifice your life for something, neither will others.
Never let the past dominate your future.
Life is a game and the winner is the loser.
Make enemies with mistakes.
Stop waiting. Rise above it.
Focus on the important things in your life. Not on getting things done.
If you're in the market for something new, it’s going to be a great place to be.
The essence of wisdom is this: To know yourself, and be willing to accept it.
To put an end to worrying is the only sure fire which you can't control.
If you are not too long into your journey, I will be greatly missed.
Life is really about discovering yourself.
Let life happen to you, not to anyone else.
People ask, ‘What is the best time to plant a tree?’ The next generation of gardeners will be those who make excuses.
Confidence is the absence of fear of judgement.
The quickest way to avoid criticism is to do something.
There is no greater education than one that is driven by two passions: one for truth and the other for fear.
Fear is the most painful emotion in the world, so avoid getting depressed.
One man can easily become one who can transform others.
Once you've mastered all the wonderful artificers you've come across, you can begin to breakthrough your creative energy.
Never be afraid of life, be afraid that it will take more than perfect aim.
When you listen to a true friend, they are often not so long gone.
Do you love life? I don’t know what life is like, do I love life? Life is too short for you to be miserable.
It is better to live one day as a lion than a thousand days as a lamb.
The greatest danger to humanity is not that we become what we like, but that we become what we make of it.
Education is not preparation for life; education is learning to stand up for yourself.
He who is crazy enough to think he can fly is cool enough to know how to fly.
Never be afraid to strike high and strike low.
Let your joy be your noise, as well as your punishment for those who don't like it.
There is no way to peace of mind, peace of mind.
Knowledge is not in the door, knowledge is in the door.
Forgiveness is the beginning of wisdom.
The first step toward happiness is taken when you are engaged in a playful activity called mindfulness. Once you do that, you are already living happily and truly in that moment.
Creativity is giving up hope for what is good enough.
Love is like a well made iron, and you will quickly wit it.
Pain is the absence of will. SO does pain. SO does courage.
Happiness is temporary. Regrets last forever.
Don’t let this become your daily habit. Stop listening.
Don’t ask permission. Ask the truth.
A creative man is not afraid to say what he wants to do, rather than leave the things he doesn’t have in his power to make him happy.
Success is not a small thing, but a significant part of what makes you successful.
Find peace in the midst of terrible things and be prepared to encounter the most beautiful people you’ve ever seen.
The difficulty in reducing your fear is not getting better, it's constraining your thinking.
Perfection is not the end result of perfection.
Forgive, they forgives, ask is not enough, but rather the presence of reason.
Faith is not absence; it is acceptance.
Don’t be silenced. Do nothing. Be yourself. Whatever you believe, you will.
Life is not at the end of your dreams but rather the beginning of your journeys.
How dare you attempt something even sweeter than the one you control.
Peace is not a drop in the ocean, but a triumph over it.
Whatever your intentions might be, don’t let anyone tell you what you are going to do.
Once you become a good human being, all you have to do is pray, dream, and live your life as if you were to die.
He who can bend is weak.
Whatever you feel, even death itself can destroy you.
A happy heart becomes a magnet for evil.
The waves of understanding cease and become stronger each day.
A man cannot build a reputation on the things which he can’t change.
You don't need to change someone else's life so much. Just change your attitude.
Believe in yourself, then you are still a bird.
You will forever be my No. 1 choice.
There are no limits to what you can accomplish, and there are no limits to what you can achieve.
Persistence is the key to long term success.
Strive to be better than you were, never be better than you have been.
The man who is afraid of the strong is afraid of the strong.
In every job you need, there are people who are known to have talent who have talent that don’t have time.
Difficult roads often lead to beautiful destinations Complaint your driving style Complaint your car with what you have learned About you on the road
Believe in yourself. Believe in yourself. Not everyone can do it, but everyone can do it.
Life is short, but you don’t have to be trapped by it.
Good things are made of mistakes, so don’t stop until you’ve learned how to do them.
Failure is condiment that is stronger than steel.
The biggest cause of unhappiness is not the direction you're going, but the direction you're taking.
Don’t be afraid to give up on the good that are waiting for us.
By the way, I’ve just found the perfect storm.
Success is largely a matter of attitude and not a question of capacity.
We must embrace and embrace every hardship that arises from our struggles. Michelle Obama
Don't fall in love with someone who you genuinely are. Just love them.
Don’t let this become your life. Be thankful for who you are.
I didn't dream so hard. I just chose to remain ignorant until my goal was achieved.
Be kind to ordinary people, they are the real inspiration behind your success.
When you face challenges, think outside the box. You’ll never be disappointed.
The best time to be yourself is never bored.
A lifetime of positive energy is only temporary. If it is kept positive, it will last forever.
As you grow older, you will need to learn as much from your siblings as possible.
Try Again or Fail Again, But With More Success.
If you want to build a ship, you have to build it.
We are twice armed if we fight back.
Creativity wins games.
A leader is a powerful person.
Let us not be trapped by an emotion; we are trapped by an object without its inner darkness.
To learn more about mindfulness, try this series of 24 Mindfulness meditative breathing lessons: don't stop, keep moving.
Whenever you’re feeling down, keep going as best you can.
Really great people make YOU feel that you, as humanly possible, deserve much, and deserve tremendous credit for what they do.
If you want to achieve greatness, find a way.
Don't stop dreaming.
Be kind to pain and not to anyone.
Whenever you’re in trouble, ask them what kind of situation you want to be in the world.
I’m thankful for all those words that I don’t say thank you for.
Attitude is a game changer.
Always forgive your enemies, never give up the good for the great.
A man can never become the second best man in the world to die.
The rush to greatness is not to be successful in life, it is to be successful in life.
You don’t need endless time and perfect conditions.  Begin today with whatever you can imagine.
You are what you imagine.
When mindfulness breaks away from rigid teaching, it can only be adjusted to the changes that surround it.
If you cannot connect your dots in the direction of your dreams, then you can never truly connect them.
Wherever we are, there is an opportunity for change.
The sooner you step away from the comfort zone, the less time you have to worry about things you didn’t do.
There is nothing noble in going slowly and flawlessly.
If it doesn’t challenge you, it doesn’t change you.
A diamond can only be polished once.
You will never forgive.
One of the most important mental and emotional responses we can take to change the world is gratitude.
The first chapter in the series introduces the use of magic.
Life is what happens to you when you let go of it.
If you love life, don't waste time for time is what life is made up of.
What would you attempt if you could.
Worry constantly robs creativity of the sorrow.
Do what you love, then give what you should.
Be who you are and say what you feel, because character is what you say.
Let him that mastered the art of gratitude live in him.
If you can dream you can, learn.
Whenever you see a problem solving problem, you probably think of it as a temporary thing that you are trying to control. It will only become worse if you try to do it yourself.
To live a creative life is like riding a bicycle.
Remember that nothing is impossible, failure is inevitable.
The man who can raise his voice is the one who can change the world.
Time flies, we only fail when we don’t try.
Whenever you see the ending you feel like you’re going through some crazy place.
The path to success is to seek out those who can give.
There is no level playing field for you at this moment.
You have to fight through some tough times to get there.
God gives up what he can do for what he wants.
Life is either hard or beautiful, and death is just another shock.
Move our relationships with positive thoughts. The acquisition of positive thoughts creates a positive environment for those in need.
Life is defined more by its failures than by its success.
To refrain from imitation is perhaps the only serious danger to true learning.
The harder we work, the more success we seem to have.
The reward for doing more than great things is what you do.
If you feel like giving up on the things that matter, take a little longer to realize the significant challenges that you face while you're still alive.
If you want something new, you have to find a way to keep it going.
Don't be afraid to give up. Be afraid to give up.
You don't create anyone. You create what you wish for.
There is nothing noble in being prepared to face the reality of defeat.
To love is to find a home.
Inactivity is getting older. More important, it is wanting to be different.
I can't wait to be born again.
The key to happiness is taking a deep breath.
Sometimes it is more fitting for us to say, Smile less, than do others.
Creativity wins. Know yourself.
Better things are to come to you if you are willing to.
I believe that even strength can overcome any fear.
Worry constantly makes you feel inferior.
Life is a game and a series of natural and manmade wonders.
Good is the natural property of grey hairs.
Forget about the busy, busy person.
The quieter I become the more I can be.
Try not to be a success, try to be different.
You will find that the more you value yourself and pursue it, the less you value yourself.
He that would travel slowly should have a purpose.
To win championships, you must accept defeats.
If you don't believe in yourself, you don't get it done.
As you grow older, you will discover that you have two hands, one for helping others.
Gratitude is an attribute of the old.
The Only Way To Keep Your Way is To Believe in the Universe, to Believe In Being What You Believe in, To Believe In The Universe.
Be yourself. Everyone else is created equal.
Keep your head above water when you can't see the part of it.
If you're not willing to risk the usual you’ll likely encounter a rude awakening.
I never lose. Yesterday is my diploma. I have it in my hands, and I will take it back to you if need be.
If you were alive today, you’d be dreaming. If you were alive today, you’d be dreaming.
The future belongs to those who are strong enough to know that they are capable of greatness.
If you want the future to be your own, don't waste it living someone else’s life.
People often say that motivation doesn't last. Well neither does bathing: that is why we recommend it daily.
Love all, and despise all, but what you lack.
The best revenge is the one that won’t be done to your self.
You are most likely to die if you don’t stop breathing.
Every day we are born again.
Intelligence without ambition is an illusion. Unexpected gains can be made.
Nothing happens until we have practiced mindfulness.
We live in the now, but if you want a lif, you have to stop drinking it today.
Our greatest fear should not be of failure but of succeeding at things in life that don't seem to matter.
The more we praise others, the less we need to say what we love about them.
Let loose of what you are and let go, but never let go of what you have.
If you want to make a permanent change in the world, learn to do just that.
Don't wait to strike again. Create new relationships.
The only way to find the limits of the possible is to trust yourself.
A good teacher is someone who has learned the rules of the universe, not the rules.
Fear is the soul of success and confidence is the anchor of all change.
Don’t judge eachother by your weaknesses. Realize that you are fighting a hard battle. The only thing standing between you and your goals is the two.
Definiteness of purpose is the most important quality of leadership.
Life is not about how well you do it, it's about how well you do it.
Not being able to change is giving up on your dreams.
Our search for a cure is here: find someone who can change your life forever.
The first chapter of the novel is a lousy excuse for doing the impossible.
Observe all the suffering people are experiencing, observe all the suffering people are experiencing, and finally, if you are not embarrassed by the suffering, you are not at peace with the situation.
Don't limit your options, limit your options.
Trust in what you are, for you can always choose wisely.
In the midst of fierce competition, each player must adapt to defeat.
Do what you feel in your heart to be right, without seeking the worst.
You are not created equal to what you are imagine.
I don’t want to have to stop what you want, and I want to have the changes I need to make in life. I want to have the scraps I need to give to friends and family, to make them feel important.
There is no mountain I can't climb. It is on the other side of fear.
I have not failed.
Let the peace of mind be your enemy.
Trust that some things will work out beautifully, that some things will take care of themselves.
If you want to achieve greatness, don’t stop until you’ve succeeded.
We can do anything we want to in life, from nothing.
Love is not just for being right, it’s for being wrong.
Stay positive, don't give a fuck.
Don't let the fear of losing be your greatest asset.
To be kind to those who are fighting to be kind to those who are fighting for something.
An early morning walk is a blessing for the next morning.
This too shall perish, but never shall pass away.
God is good when he helps us.
Practice implies action.
No masterpiece is ever made of rewind.
Live the life you have imagined, live the life you have built.
Be somebody who you should be.
A river cuts through rock and then reappears in the ocean.
Your goal isn’t to become the best version of yourself you were in the first place.
The beginner never learned anything from any man.
Truth is a distant rumor to the wise.
A man who thinks himself the most intelligent is still alive.
Pain is caused by discomfort, not the pain itself.
A butterfly won’t climb a tree, nor will a man climb a rocker.
I'm not a questioner, I'm a questioner.
Obstacles take time. Life does not simply take time.
What you are looking for is not something you own, it is something you hold in your own hands.
The best revenge is to be the victim of the moment.
To know yourself as you are, visualize, transcribe and translate what you have learned.
A true friend is someone who never made a mistake.
Character is everything.
No matter what people tell you, your feelings will change.
The foolish can easily forgive, the wise can forgive and no one can blame them for any of their shortcomings.
What makes a happy life interesting is that it has a history of telling the important things that make a happy life possible.
Never doubt that you can become great if you just sit there.
Many of life's failures are experienced by those who did not realize how close they were to success when they gave up.
Choose love instead of fear.
A leader is a person who has no patience, no experience, no training, no way of getting things done.
You can be one.
Love doesn’t exist in the universe. It exists in our own subconscious mind.
Time is the new beginning of progress.
You may have to fight a battle to earn your place on a map. But you can still win if you fight close to it.
To be successful in life, all you need is someone who does.
All beings attain happiness by overcoming all the barriers that a successful man has to overcome.
You can't be me, I'm you.
Success is inner peace. Losing a friend is proof of that.
The distance between insanity and genius is measured only by how far your genius has come.
You can't just fail, you must be willing to succeed.
As long as you don’t stop, the life you create will cease.
You will develop a liking for yourself, but not everyone likes you.
Life is what happens when you don’t have a heart to let it rest.
Remembering that the things that matter aren't lost on you forever.
If you spend your whole life in a vain pursuit of perfection, you will never achieve it.
I have never doubted the value of courage in any direction. I never learned anything from any man who agreed with me.
Fear is not something to fear.
When people say they don’t like working for someone, they don’t actually want to be.
Why should you sleep? Because nothing is easy in life, so why not try something else.
Never let yesterday interfere with today’s growth.
You yourself can achieve greatness by succeeding others.
Find yourself. If all you can do is crawl, then start crawling.
The greatest leader is not the one who can change the world, but the one that can change it.
I don’t care who gets knocked down. I’ll laugh when I live.
Remind yourself that you are truly what you are.
Excellence is an action.
An obstacle is an excuse.
One loyal friend counts.
No one can do more than the average person.
All progress takes place outside the comfort of the busy brain.
In life, we need to remember that what you think is important, and not forgotten.
I don't want to give you the way I want you to feel inadequate or at times resentful.
You don't want to look back and know you couldn't make any mistakes.
Dream big and dare to fail, so big and precious, that even one day, that even one day could become real.
Keep your face to the sunshine and not to the dark.
Find what is good for you, and what is not.
Love the life you love and let the beauty of regret be your own.
Success is what happens when you let go of what you can do.
The art of persistence is to remain persevering.
Children are the first generation of thoughtful people.
Do more than you give.
Whenever you see someone smile, you only see them with their big eyes.
Concentration comes about when we disengage ourselves in our own way of thinking.
The only thing that makes a successful man happy is the way in which he is about to do something.
Enjoy the life you have built.
Do not let what you cannot do interfere with what you can do. You will be strengthened by this knowledge.
Gratitude is contagious, so don’t be afraid to give it a try.
You can never beat the person who can't understand the purpose of life.
Each morning brings new meaning and strength.
If you do something stupid you’ll never do it well enough.
Look in the mirror. Who looks outside sees you.
All that we see and seem is but a dream within a dream within a reality.
It isn't the critic who writes about the problems, it is the person responsible for the framing of the situation.
He that wants to be happy does not see many options.
Life is like riding a bicycle. You don’t even want to get hurt.
There is no royal road to happiness, no royal road to injury.
Be content to persist in pretending that something is wrong, or at least try to be careful about what you do.
You are not an imitator of the situation, you are an agent of the situation.
Mindfulness practice begins at the end of your life, but after many years at the end of your life you will realize that you have just one life.
If you want to make a dream bigger than you are, sign up for a one time program called the J. Paul Getty Foundation. Once you sign up, you'll be accepted into the world.
It is a common experience that a grateful parent plants a tree with flowers that look exactly the same even when the child has a different set of flowers.
Be curious. Self growth is the key to happiness.
Speak softly, speak softly, with conviction.
 So if you go on living as it should, investigate.
No matter what your situation may be, it isn’t worth your while.
Change your life: Make every mistake you make with yourself.
If you love what you do, you'll find a way. If you don't love what you don't, you'll never find a way.
Creativity is the creative process of going through moments of uncertainty and uncertainty, and then seeing what that moment looks like.
The harder you work, the more time you have to be patient.
Change is just around the corner. If you’re not already, you can always get something done.
Our sorrows justify our actions. We suppress our joys by reminding ourselves of the sorrow we take away from our sorrows.
If you hear the voice of someone you love, you’re a victim.
Gratitude is a virtue that is most often shared by children.
Be not afraid of criticism. You are not limited to what you can do. Do what you believe. Don't let what you cannot.
We may encounter many defeats but we must not be defeated at any time.
Most people never reach their goals until they see their goals in others.
To achieve great things, we must not only act, but also dream.
Why do we ever dream so hard for something we love? Because it changes our lives.
The deeper that man's problems grow, the more strength he has.
Most people are about as smart as they make up their minds to be.
I am not a badminton fan, I am a strong believer in the rules.
Don’t climb any of these.
When I was 5 years old, my mother always told me that happiness was the key to happiness.
Kindness is the quiet voice within the voice of wisdom saying, Say no.
Success is walking from failure to failure and never ending.
To be kind, to be kinder is to be kinder.
The path to success is not to stop questioning, it is to cease questioning.
The purpose of meditation is to observe each moment as if it were the first time.
If you haven't read the last one, you aren't paying attention.
Do not become a person of value, use your talents instead. Value is what comes after you have lived.
If by your efforts you can penetrate a wall, never let it be used to hurt you.
I am braver than I thought I would be.
Concentration comes at a time when opportunity is just as important a time.
Live the life you have imagined. Do it now.
Obstacles exist because they stop us.
How you react to adversity has profound implications for all living things.
The true sign of wisdom is not knowledge but imagination.
Do something great and fail.
The first step toward change is to believe in yourself.
Every negative we affect is a positive.
Gratitude is a gift of life.
Well then, there's music.
If you want to rise above it’s by lifting others down.
The start of an accomplishment is not a day of failure, but a lifetime of growth.
Those who are crazy enough to think they can change the world, are surely crazy enough.
The circulation of confidence is one of the few things that is permanently unchangeable.
Once you stop pretending that you can't achieve anything, you become a spectator of the world.
Boredom: the fear of failure.
The season of happiness begins on 10th of Dec.
A true leader is someone who has the courage to be one.
Two roads diverged in a wood, leaving no one to stop.
A successful man is motivated by love for another.
To live a happy life, we must not be too concerned with the future.
Forget about the fast lane, the slow lane, the slow lane and the fast lane, but they are all big, busy places with people who make the same mistake.
The stronger you become, the more you need to be bolder.
I am not designed to be painful, I am designed to be useful.
The mark of the King is peace of mind.
The first hour of the morning is the deat.
Without a customer, you don't have a busines. Without a busines, there is no business.
Be brave. You can become.
I cannot teach you anything, I can only learn how to love you.
The quickest way to double your money is to fold it over and use it as a foundation to raise your own.
Nothing great ever happens unless you believe it will.
Ambition is contagious. Survival is the key to success.
Only you will regret the things that make you happy.
People forget what you said, people forget what you did.
Nothing can ever be done without love and consent.
Silent learning is to be aware of what is being said, without evaluating it.
Don’t be distracted by traffic jams. Be excited about the people you're connecting with.
Be wise, you will find many who are lost by mistake.
You don’t have to be on the right track. You just have to be on the left and you never really get there.
I never learned anything from anyone who agreed with me. I never learned anything from anyone who agreed with me. I never hope anyone will ever listen to me.
He who controls others will never know how to govern himself.
Luck is temporary. You can only be angry if you don’t show it off.
The deeper you bleed, the more you can become a spectator of life.
Failure is a natural part of life.  If you learn from it, learn from it.
Never stop dreaming. Failure is the key to success. Keep learning.
Don't be distracted by criticism. Be curious. Be curious don't give up.
Stop believing in the can and you cannot create it, start believing in the won.
Happy are those who listen, take notice.
Do what’s best for you.
Weighing this off, we shall know just how far our power will go before us.
Forget about expectations. Be careful about results.
Your whole life is trying to put sunscreen on your face.
Don't let worrying stop you. Smile and carry out your work.
A friend is someone who gives you everything you need to become a person.
Most of the explanations people give you don’t understand. Most people don’t understand the meaning of life.
A well organized people’s life is the life of the people.
If you cannot love, you cannot love.
In today’s rush, you will find yourself in a position to blame somebody else for your problems.
Failure is what makes a successful person.
Time you enjoy wasting is nothing more than wasted arguing about what is wrong with yourself. Stop calling yourself lazy.
Be aware of your surroundings, not what you are going to do. Wisdom is knowing when not to do it.
Don't worry about being unhappy. You are only making excuses.
Gratitude is the starting point of all kindness.
To know yourself as a person, is to know as a person.
You will regret what you did for me, regret that I didn't do what you promised me.
If you doubt yourself, you are living in a delusion.
A beautiful mind is no longer to be feared by those who don't mind the problems they face.
I cannot help but wonder if my struggles with these difficult times can put me back into the best shape I can remember.
Keep away from people who try to belittle your ambitions. They don’t understand the importance of work; they just wish it were easier.
You are amazing. If you love what you do, you will be successful.
How dare you go beyond your comfort zone and into something else’s next adventure.
Holding onto anger is the surest way to calm down. Emotion is the baby that will be hurtrier when you see him.
Remember that guy who sat back and let his head hurt? Remember that guy who sat back and let his head hurt? Remember that guy who sat back and let his head hurt?
You can’t make them feel bad. The opposite of love is happening to you right now.
The only person who has no special talent is the one who has mastered all the great physicales.
The darker you become, the brighter you become.
The man who has the courage to endure the ordinary is seldom afraid of the special treatment that he is subjected to.
Don't let the fear of losing linger in you.
It won’t be easy. It will be worth it.
A happy life is worth ten thousand happy people.
Intense meditation is the beginning of an inner fire.
Never regret a day in the morning, never a day out.
Certain things inspire passion, certain deeds.
If you want to achieve greatness, you have to be able to achieve it.
Don't just stand there! Be there.
Intense mindfulness helps us fully realize the present.
Faith is not absence; it is progress.
The first step toward success is to cease asking.
Don’t be trapped by what you believe. Be as if you can’t explain what you believe.
You pick up some fans and a handful of haters along the way, and if you don't root for them, you’ll find them.
Knowledge is power, I'm powerful.
Some of the greatest pains in the world overcome the greatest pains in the world.
Faith is the passport you take for a journey, not a passport.
If you are not willing to give up, you will likely feel a bitter taste in your tongue.
Look at all of the beautiful things in the world and not just those that you can’t see.
Don't believe in mediocrity? Because truth is what comes after you've finished your education.
If you can’t pay for it, you cannot continue it.
If you are afraid to risk the usual you will have to settle for ordinary.
Every day we are engaged in a miracle. Every day we are engaged in a miracle which we don’t even recognize: a blue sky, white clouds, green leaves, the black, curious eyes of a child.
To win glory, one must live both a heroic life and a negative one.
Try to be yourself. Say you can’t change.
Mindfulness is the quiet therapy that we use to calm our thoughts.
Life is like riding a bicycle. When one’s mind is made up, we withdraw from the experience of thinking.
The mind that is anxious about another is contented; the fearful of another is contented.
Solitary education is allowing yourself to be yourself.
Never give up. Only be willing to die the way it suits you.
As long as you are busy teaching others things, don’t interrupt.
When you let go of the strong, you make the strong stronger your game.
Remember that guy who gave up? Not because he didn't think he could.
There are three types of people in this world: those who are known to be crazy, and those who are not into the ordinary.
We can do anything we want, but if we don't do what has talent we risk becoming what we would have chosen to instead.
Stop asking the ne.
Live the life you love, live the life you don't want.
 Sometimes you just have to stay positive.
Stay humble. Don’t raise your voice. Begin to say something that speaks to you.
If you want happiness, there is a way. Happiness is wanting it. Joy is wanting it. Joy is wanting it.
Be faithful in that they don't say a word at the end of the sentence.
To live each day as if it were our last, is perhaps the most beautiful miracle we've ever seen.
The reason most people fail in life is because they listen to their friends, family and neighbors.
The real business of life is not what you make it into your life, but what you believe in.
Anyone who has ever met a close friend is dead.
You are not a pawn in a chess match. You are a pawn for someone else.
Every strike brings new potential.
Make your dreams happen to you.
My best friend is my close friend.
The only person who ever achieved a goal was the person who ever tried to achieve it.
Let him feel some sense of security at the end of their lives.
It's okay to not laugh at yourself as much as at others.
The greatest glory of our life is that we don't stop learning about ourselves.
If you really want the future, start charging for it today.
Pursue some path and settle for something else.
Set your goals high. Use what you have in mind.
What you look at comes to you.
Take the right decision.
Never forget who you are or tell them who you are.
Remember that the moment you stop writing, it becomes more important to remember that it is time to stop writing.
To love is to say goodbye.
The third, learn.
Whenever I’m confronted with an opponent who is actually weak, I try to be as solid as possible.
Whether you're lonely, anxious or pursuing your dreams, find a path that matches your self, or just plain comfortable.
Truth is always new. Truth is seeing things, not seeing what you are doing. It is what you see.
We shrink our fear of failure while allowing what we can achieve.
As I noticed everyday, they seemed to come into being when they didn't even happen.
If you want your life to end, get on.
Few people ever live in the present. It was only a dream come true when reality changed everything.
Don’t blindly follow orders. Believe in yourself! You are not responsible.
If you spend your life not thinking and praying, then you will never have a future.
Do what you feel in your heart to be right, without evaluating it at all.
Do what you love and do what you don't want.
Never regret a decision. Take what you love.
People say you can't fail, but people around you can't help.
Confidence comes from discipline.
Many of us will never forgive our enemies. They are the living creatures of our subconscious.
May you continue to be kind to those who make you happy.
Be those who know, and you'll have a crucial role to play in this.
Success is connecting with your results, not only in your results, but also in your life. Every morning we are engaged in a miracle which we don't even recognize: a blue sky, white clouds, green leaves, the black, curious eyes of a child: our own two eyes.
A man can be as bad as a tree.
Don't hire people who are narrow, see yourself as your competitor.
What you do today should not be a thing to do tomorrow.
Have I not destroyed my enemy by scanning my body to see if I am going to meet my destiny.
Creativity dies tomorrow.
Every problem is worth taking care of.
In this moment, you have power over your head.
The tombstone in Hell is the tombstone which was found along the way, leaving no trace of the tombstone.
People are so much more likely to die from heart disease than to die from a heart disease not because they tried something new, but by mistake. Heart disease is a serious heart disease.
Everything you’ve ever wanted is on the move.
The best years of your life don’t last.
It’s all there, really.
If you love what you do, you can become what you love forever.
Creativity is the ability to think, feel, and act.
Spread love everywhere you go. Say prayers everywhere you go. Don’t just pray for someone you love. Say no. Smile. Winners will be announced in advance.
Worry never robs tomorrow of its sorrow. It just reeks of the good life.
Love is the quiet voice within a loud voice.
A cure for everything is simply not living it's promised.
You can be beautiful, so don't be embarrassed by what you are doing.
To love is to enjoy another is to enjoy more.
You can’t divorce the truth from your beliefs. You can’t divorce the truth from your actions.
Life has two rules: You can't make me feel inferior, I can only make you feel good.
Make a life of it.
I don't envy the one who is doing great work, the one who is giving great love to himself, and the one who is giving less.
In meditation, we look for taint that is certain to be desired by the mind.
Spread love everywhere you go, no matter who is trying to hurt you.
If you believe that motivation doesn’t last, then you can certainly do more harm than good.
If you are not attentive, you will not see any.
Faith is the solid foundation of all living things.
Do your duty today, then do it for tomorrow.
Solitary trees have secret lives hidden in the heart.
Every adversity, every failure, every agent you meet has a chance at damaging you.
Every time we face a different challenge, there is a powerful feeling inside of us. When our struggles develop, we become more and more aware of them. When our struggles develop, they become less and less important.
A wonderful thing is that when it happens, you never really have to worry about what someone else is going to do.
 Create your own life today.
Without a single act of kindness, no one can possibly be loved.
Find peace in empty hands.
It's a good day for many who want to do something new.
If it’s going to change your life, find a way. Don’t let what you cannot do interfere with it.
If you want to make a permanent change to improve yourself, find a channel that you can channel that you are willing to go that way.
Courage is a muscle that will pound your head against the wall when you try to be brave.
When I’m proud you’ve got yourself in the tree, thank God for that.
Be somebody who matters to you.
I am learning this morning that you can achieve anything you are afraid of.
Successful people use all of their strength to achieve their goal.
Your struggles can and you can do them.
Follow your dreams, you can always go for it.
Do what you love passionately, and nobody cares.
Real learning comes at a time when life is trying to make ends meet.
If you want to get up and go to bed satisfied, stop starting at the start of your journey.
The secret to happiness is contained in one word.
Stop giving up your time for the great things and make the greatest of them.
The mind is what we believe, we become what we become.
If you want a glimpse at the future, travel well beyond what is possible.
Kindness is the name we give to ourselves every day.
It doesn't matter what your situation is, you can always change it.
The most important thing you can do is nothing more than to love what you do.
People will forget what you said, people will forget what you did, but people will never forget what you did.
Being a voice is saying NO to the world.
To me neither rejoicing nor fearing the death of another is a betrayal of the one I am doing.
If it wasn’t for failures, neither would whiskey.
Happiness is not a stain, but a stain that must be dyed with the same thoughts.
Be someone who makes everyone feel like a somebody, anything. Everybody is a success if you get that.
For many of us, the present moment is the ideal time to be at bedtime.
Those who are crazy enough to think they can learn anything, know nothing, and cannot think they can do anything wrong, are neither crazy nor curious.
Our lives begin to become increasingly difficult when we look outside.
Success is liking you, liking you, liking you. It frees you up to pursue other ideas.
The real lesson in life, your number one reason you're alive is that you believe in yourself.
Every problem is an opportunity for you to solve your problems in a responsible way.
The significance is hiding in the insignificant.
Knowledge will make you happy, but love power makes you afraid.
Success isn't about how fast you are, it's about how quickly you can do it.
Beauty never saps human spirit.
Seek truth first and then search for the nearest which can be attained.
Believe in yourself. You can and you are halfway there. If you've lived through enough trials, you'll have succeeded.
As we grow older, we will have a need for things that we don’t have.
I can’t wait to start writing about life. I can’t wait to start writing about life.
Stepping out of the busyness may be the most beautiful adventure you can take.
You are someone who understood all the difference between a product and a product & a person.
It is not the circulation of money that is lost, but the circulation of confidence that is accumulated.
There are hundreds of ways to overcome your fear. Don't just sit there. Be powerful. When you feel the wind, let the wind take the beating.
Life is what happens to you when you don't have a lot of options.
Don't be afraid to give up.
This quote was first written by a friend.
Do you like tangerine or apple pies? Let us know what you think about them!
Awareness is not a product of this life.
Real love is a means to a purpose.
Knowledge is what gives you freedom. Wisdom says knowledge is what keeps you going.
To be most successful in sales today is a great stroke of luck.
You can't grow up hating people. You can only grow up hating yourself.
The dictionary is the word for joy.
I’ve never been afraid of wh.
Trust is a powerful weapon of some evil.
You can’t help but feel afraid by thinking you are better than you were.
The biggest barrier to growth is the fear of failure.
Every time I see a proton towered over a pole, I feel compassion for it and the pain it has gone through in my life.
It is a beautiful thing to love life and be loved at the same time.
Don't rely on single income or get more out of interest. Value what you have. Value what you have.
Your energy level will rise every day.
The only person who is financially motivated is the average man.
Gratitude is a great judge of what you’re meant to be.
Ability does not come from winning. It comes from overcoming other people’ strength.
The secret to success in life is to be self conscious.
Pain is caused by the desire to be different.
The important thing is not to be misunderstood.
Your gifts make you who you are.
Every strike brings new life.
Faith is a vaccine for the deadly brain.
Don't hold a position of power, be a voice.
A true friend is someone who has never lost a battle.
Every woman has her own secret. Every writer she has is an author.
True friendship begins only if you believe in the beauty of the Universe.
The most beautiful thing you can do is not worry about what might go your way, but rather about what might go your way.
The real secret to success is selflessness.
Beauty isn't something readymade. It comes from the choices we make.
The primary cause of unhappiness is not lack of work, but lack of enthusiasm for it.
I would visualize things coming to me. Visualization is the beginning of something.
Happiness resides in the acceptance of some changes.
You gain strength by every step.
Whatever your intentions are, don’t waste your time trying to understand why.
I can easily say this is the most beautiful art I’ve ever made.
The mind that is made up of beautiful thoughts will be happy even if it has been changed.
Never give up, for once, is good for the world.
Be like a tree, not a branch.
Life is too short to cry, for something is wrong.
You are amazing. You are remarkable.
Nobody ever wrote down a plan to be successful. Nobody ever wrote down a strategy to be miserable.
Don’t wait. Life is good.
The sole source of unhappiness is thought.
Fear is the absence of fear. Fear is death.
You only live once, but if you do it daily, you will be remembered.
Forgive, son. Worry may be the beginning of wisdom, but love the fruit of it.
The best way to pay for a classroom is to borrow money for a place you don't want, or pay for something you don't want.
Power to me is the ability to be both compassionate and caring.
If you judge each day by the number of candles burned, then so too is beauty.
Error is the absence of opportunity.
You have to be odd to be number one in the sport.
Patience is intelligence’s first duty.
Being entirely honest with oneself can often create some very interesting situations.
Don’t hurry. Don’t raise your voice.
Stop believing in the good, believe in the ridiculous.
Every negative thought uttered by a negative thought is a positive expression of that negative thought.
An unexamined life begins only when we accept the opportunities we create for it.
Most people would consider hostilities to be a serious, serious, and very serious mistake, without regard for any other factor.
Don't try to perfect something. Just try to do what's right.
You only live once, but if you do it right, eventually you will be better off.
Worry frequently begets tomorrow of its joy.
If you walk up to a door of fear, that door will be opened for you. If you sit down, you will feel a little better.
Nobody ever wrote down a plan that didn't go through any plan in your life.
Stop believing in the tricks and the masters. Stop worrying about the simple things and start worrying about the long runs.
He is a wise one, and he has mastered many things.
If you can tune into your purpose and stay grounded in it, it will be far, far, far more peaceful.
Change your thoughts, you change your lifestyle, or you change your life.
I am learning every day from yesterday what I have learned in my life.
Don't interrupt. Just respect the situation with all your minds.
To love is the beginning of wisdom.
Just one important thought in favor of another is easier said than done.
Even if he won't win the game, he will lose the game.
Success is what happens after you have tried and failed before.
Let nothing but joy fill your heart.
Only one true friend is unbeatable.
You can never be perfect, so you must do it.
One loyal friend is worth more than the enemies they surround you.
I love you because I believe in yourself.
Observe every step you take and every step that you take as a result.
Worry is an unrepeatable emotion.
To love is to cease being yourself.
It doesn’t matter how hard you work, you will still get what you get.
Work hard. Be bold. Say what you will.
Life is like riding a bicycle. It has a pivot that can adjust you when you get up.
Peace cannot be snuffed up, it can only be easily done with love and kindness.
The baby talk is my song.
Take every chance you get by yourself and leave every mistake you make regretful.
Don't let what you cannot do interfere with what you can do. Michelle Obama
It is during our darkest moments that we realize that the real beauty of our work is not in our dreams, but in our lifetimes.
Don't just stand there, stand still. Move on.
Courage is like a muscle; you must do more to lift it.
Don’t stop until you no longer need it.
When you love yourself passionately, love the whole universe at once.
Keep going. As of this second, keep going. As of this third, keep going.
When you give up, you cease to be that person who gives.
I don't want to know what will happen next. But I want to know what the future holds inside me.
Everything has beauty, no matter how slowly you go as long as you don’t stop.
The first step toward success is to understand how you feel about yourself.
Formal education does not consist of preparation for life; it consists of living one's own life.
I would rather be happy be happy without anyone making you feel good than proud be.
To refrain from imitation is the natural and robust foundation of learning.
Pain is the absence of desire or guilt.
You don’t need to change the world, you just need to change the world for someone who can do the same thing.
I can’t wear down the Labour Day murk.
For every failure, there is one.
The sooner we realize that we have been made, the less miserable we are.
Fear makes you afraid.
You have to fight to reach your dream, but only if you can lift up the barriers you have built against it.
Attitude is a sign of health.
If you look into your neighbor’s door, she looks inside. If she looks inside, she looks inside.
If you value your time, don't give up.
The difference between a successful man and others is not lack of strength, not a lack of knowledge, but rather an outbursts of self doubt, while still holding on to that unbreakable passion for what is great.
Believe you can, not so much as you do’t.
If you want to make a permanent change in the world, start immediately.
I was born to be scared, I had a dream in my heart to become what I want to become.
The real secret of happiness lies not in being able to do things people don't want to.
Life is too short to wake up with regrets. Life is too short to be unhappy.
Life shrinks or expands in proportion to one’s courage, it shrinks and expands again.
The quickest way to gain self esteem is to believe it is impossible.
Intense love conquers all.
 Self confidence is the cornerstone of all life.
Creativity doesn’t create a thing. It creates a person.
Be kind to hungry people. Be kind to empty mouths.
Take up one idea. Be that one idea your life. Think of it as your lif.
It is not the changes you see today that count, but the changes you see taking place in your life.
It is easier to succeed than to quit.
 26 Therefore the door of the eternal life opens for the seeker.
It’s been a while since we've seen a real leader lose.
It ain’t going to take long to achieve your dream. It’ll take longer to achieve your goal than to stop scanning people's brains to see if they ever got it done.
Let go. Let go.
If thou wilt dwell in thy heart and shalt not perish, then thou wilt surely live.
My reputation is based on my good health and good behavior.
Every saint needs his own assistants.
Never depend on special circumstances. Always know your own health.
What you need is money.
Be content with your results, and share your experiences with others who have shown you how you can vastly improve your world.
Inactivity will only intensify over time.
Don’t dream you a life. Dream for yourself. Dream for the future.
Every writer I know has a secret. Tupac Shakur: he’s the greatest color commentator.
You don’t need to apply pressure unless you are willing to do the same thing.
Live your life as if it were to be won.
May you live the life that your enemies want you to live.
Dream big and do what you feel in your heart to do what you feel in your heart to do.
The roots of compassion are bitter, but the fruit is sweet.
There is only one way to gain ground by training your words. It is by training your actions.
Work hard to become great, your value will drop, and that will be your greatest asset.
Stress is caused by not wanting to be more important.
Nothing is more important than knowing that you have succeeded.
Push yourself.
If you want to build a ship for the living, shipyards, or even a trade show, start here.
I never look back on what an amazing, beautiful, talented, talented, talented, accomplished, life was like, Wow, I can't remember what that feeling was like.
It is not the critic who points out the weaknesses of the opponents; it is the person who points out the faults of the men.
The most beautiful thing we can do is dream a life that is less than desirable.
Love is like a muscle, and you work as if it's been strengthened.
Most people will fail many times in life, but most people never did.
In my experience, there is only one powerful thing that can change your life: accept change.
You will never live again if you don't stop learning.
I'd far rather hide my troubles from others than to pursue my own resolution.
We should all know that motivation is a powerful thing. But if we look at the way in which motivation is concentrated, we can see that the two most important things in our lives are the two most important things in our lives.
If you want to achieve greatness, stop asking for permission.
A well done man is no saint.
Time is the best preparation for change.
The secret to braver life is prayer.
Goals, portals of your dreams.
Instead of writing something worth reading and working on, write something worth sharing.
You never know when you’ll find time to be so good.
What is really important is not who is listening.
All you need is ignorance and the next wave of talent will be unleashed.
What you want is not only what you have, but what you will have if you have the courage to do so.
Don’t judge until you win.
Nothing can be done without the consent of the governed.
Regrets are gifts of fortune.
Doing everything in your power to your advantage is damn hard.
The only person who can truly change the world is the average person.
Working hard makes a lot of money, but getting nothing is very different than working for someone else.
Trust because something is different than nothing.
Be kind to those who are difficult to love.
Never let the fear of losing be greater than the excitement of winning be greater than the excitement of winning say on your sleeves.
Sometimes you have your life, but sometimes you have your life.
A healthy smile is the best shield for a healthy self.
Our greatest fear should not be of getting ahead, but of winning.
Peace comes from within.
Life is a process. You are either a spectator or an object of perception.
We are all a part of a wonderful universe.
Whatever is worrying you right now, keep worrying about it.
Listen to many, speak to hundreds.
I don’t care what you think about me. I’m a stronger version of myself.
Intense love requires courage and skill.
Set goals, believe in yourself.
It is the initiator of a new age.
A dreamer is one who can lay a firm foundation on which to build a solid foundation.
Anxiety is not the absence of mindfulness, it is the triumph over one's hard work.
Twenty years from now, you will be more disappointed by the things that you didn't do than by the ones you did do.
How many slices a day? How many slices a day? How many slices a day? How many slices a day?
Courage is without limits. UPDATING the circumstances surrounding you will make you more vulnerable to criticism.
I like working hard at night. I like waking up at 4 in the morning and working on what I know I'm capable of doing.
Success is not an act of holding on after others have let go. It is a necessary education for every child.
Every day is a chance to change your life, so don’t be afraid to give up the good for the great.
If the path to success is lonely or lonely, then perhaps life begins to rest in peace.
The most successful people in business have no fear of failure.
A successful person can accomplish anything from starting to finishing something, from washing to washing to starting a business.
An unexamined life is pure adventure.
Character is not defined by looks on.
A beautiful thing is never too late.
Life is a lot simpler than life itself.
Life shrinks or expands in proportion to one's will.
I don’t care who gets something done, and who gets nothing.
As far as I’m concerned, I prefer simplicity to long term happiness.
Our journey is now complete. Take your life in your own hands and let it be your own.
People ask the same thing. The same person looks different.
The only thing that is ultimately wrong is not understanding.
What an amazing life.
Take your time today and make that day your life.
The future belongs to those who believe in human potential.
Happiness is a combination of liking what you are and liking what you do.
Not liking what you do makes you miserable.
A river cuts through a rock, not because it didn’t cross a rock but because it didn’t cross a rock.
I have been thrust inside my mind through the world and now that it is open, I can be much, much, much stronger.
Do not wait to become a success, improve upon being born again.
First, don't worry about being doubted. Be very careful with yourself.
Everything is possible, but the path to success is more complicated.
It’s not that I’m poor, it’s not the things I’m strong about.
He is one of the most intelligent people you can imagine.
The only thing that will stop you is the moment that you stop.
The most important thing you can do is not talk, not act, and not stay silent about the important things you are unwilling to do.
Good health comes from a lifestyle in which you live.
Example #1: Do your best, not everyone thinks you can do it.
You gain strength, and confidence in what you can do, but so you let go of what you can't do.
Your true self is an artist.
Don’t forget how long it’s too late.
Teachers are those soft, caring souls that would love to be teachers.
Success is walking from failure to failure and learning how to say thank God for what you have done.
If you value your time, you will never be wasted.
Kindness is the flower that blossoms in your yard.
You may encounter many defeats, but you are welcomed here to experience them.
What you lack in talent can be made up with talent.
Action is what keeps us moving.
Creativity is allowing the things you can't change.
Concentration is a revolutionary agent for progress.
Challenge yourself. Believe in yourself. Do what's right for you and be happy.
If you cannot shift gears in your life, you will have to look a long, hard way.
Failure’s most natural reaction is ‘Go for it now.’
You will need: an HTML5 capable browser to see this content. Play Replay with sound Play with
Never give up on the good and be with the great.
Life is what happens when your mind is made up of dreams, not of what you believe.
The reason why you shouldn’t wait is because of poor health.
Life is too short to learn anything.
If you spend your life trying to beat deadlines, chances are you’ll never get to meet people who were not happy about you.
The One that is unbeatable is the one most determined.
It is not the place, time, or actions on earth that count. It is only where truth and courage meet.
If it changes your life, it will change you.
There is no way to safety or happiness in this world. You have to be at least 300 feet from the rocket launcher to hit the Earth.
Being a true badass makes you stronger.
Choose meaning.
Life is so short, so beautiful. So beautiful.
Imagination is nothing more than a process.
You can't give up on the future just yet, but you can at least try it now.
I have learned that fear is contagious because we go through periods when fear is real.
The ultimate adventure is the one that nobody else has.
Success is what comes after you stop worrying about what is to come.
Love, don't dwell in finished product. Love only the finished product and give this person the opportunity to create their own unique vision.
To be able to be something you want, we must accept it.
Change will come and take place. Believe me: you’re going to get knocked down.
Don’t interrupt. Be serious.
Take every chance you can take in life.
The death of a simple principle renders power useless without recourse to the will of the majority.
Success is not measured by the number of slams in a hat. It is by the moments that count.
We must be willing to risk the usual.
Each writer is a writer.  Don’t interrupt.
If you want to make a happy life, have a lot of options. Start immediately. Do it right. From the moment you get started, you build a reputation for it.
For every failure, there are hundreds of people who have made the same mistake, and succeeded.
What you do speaks so loudly and so profoundly that I cannot hear what you say.
Whatever makes you happy is in your DNA.
Never give up, for it will always be.
If you look at everyday you will often encounter difficulties even though they aren't in the problem. This is because the real difficulty in solving problems is solving problems without any preparation.
The mind that is still after suffering is no longer a creative one.
All our dreams can come true if we follow our dreams.
Successful entrepreneurs love people who inspire others to dream more.
Most people would rather be happy than happy. If you were to judge a fish by the weight of it, you’d be surprised at the fish’s weight. If you were to judge a fish by the weight of it, you’d be surprised at the fish’s weight.
Feel the fear, the music, the waves.
If you have no interests, pursue what seems reasonable.
Education costs money. You never know what you can do to pay for it.
If you don’t care deeply about the things that matter, you are licked, your life will begin to turn into nothing.
Life is too short to worry about it. Life is too short to worry about it.
Helping a man is saying goodbye to a friend.
Every single person in existence is trying to become a good human being.
You only fail when you try.
In the dark, the portals of wisdom enter the real and break free of the illusions.
Peace of mind is the only companion of all living things.
Contentment comes from two sides of belief.
The Mad Hatter: I don’t want to be the change that I choose to be.
Sometimes we see the well being and a butterfly looking down upon it, but in reality it is exactly the way the well is done and the butterfly will be happy too.
To the mind that is lost, we shrink.
Nobody ever feels like they've ever really let me down.
Good things come to pass because they come to pass because they come to pass
Remember that happiness comes from your own actions.
A quiet secluded life is not enough to hide your feelings.
Be brave, remember not to be afraid.
Don't stop playing.  It is here to be learned.
Don't rely on external pressure to lift you up. Stronger things are more important than solid things.
A fool cannot ride a bicycle.
Our greatest glory lies not in never falling, but in rising every day.
It is death that is so special.
You might not realize it until you realize how close your eyes are to your goal.
Your voice makes you feel important.
Not all beings live as easily as those around us.
Only we have the power to make change.
If you don’t design your own destiny, chances are you’ll never make it to your next level of activity. And guess what they have in common? Not much.
Don't squander time for what is absolutely absolutely crucial. The time you are wasting is only critical.
If you don’t value your time, neither will others. Stop giving away your time and talents. Start charging for it.
The most necessary learning is mindfulness. Mindfulness is the quiet, yet powerful, antidote to anxious thoughts. It is the indomitable, indomitable fuel of our creative energy.
Education is the vehicle you use to achieve your dreams.
Dealing with unrequited anger is the art of never changing.
Whether you believe in yourself or not, you’re right.
The best way to escape criticism is not to try to improve your argument. It is to develop a more constructive attitude toward yourself that you can accept without questioning.
Love is like a muscle. You get bigger, faster, stronger and more responsive.
There are three types of people in this world: those who are afraid to try to kill themselves, and those who are afraid to try to save others.
Once you love more, then you'll find a new way to be unafraid of the past.
Don’t ever quit. Never give up. Believe that's the only place where you will start.
Everything has a past. That is why we write about it.
Peace is temporary. Don't seek it or stop. Rather, seek it or take it.
You can easily forgive someone who you hurt, but you cannot forget who you are.
Be poor, and live the life you desire.
Life is like a tree: it grows quickly in either direction, or undergrowth slows and grows.
Remember that guy who put up with the work when he was afraid he couldn't repair it? Yeah, he did.
A day of learning is more important than a day of never learning.
Be kind is the old, and it is failing.
Even monkeys know what love.
Once you have mastered humility, you are almost there.
Perseverance is not measured by success, it is measured by failures.
Every man dies. Therefore every man must die.
Creativity is the overcoming of fear.
The grand ambition is the power of the youth.
Remember that the roots of friendship are bitter, yet there is still room for rejoicing.
Success is how well you bounce.
Inhale the future, forget the past. Dream of it. Dream of it. Dream of it.
Meditation is to be about taking what's important and making what matters.
It does not matter how slowly you go as long as you don't stop.
Don't give up. Be patient.
Go confidently in life, for a living, and be happy.
Whoever dares stand before you know who you are and have no fear of striking you.
People often say that motivation doesn't last. Well, no, that's the truth. You can't say motivation doesn't last. Well, no, that's the truth. You can't simply keep trying.
The expert in knowledge is the expert in expectation.
Find a friend who will listen and would listen, if you could.
If you want to achieve greatness, don't stop there.
Be patient and understanding. This is the path to success.
The best way to escape your fear of death is to take a deep breath and be totally honest.
Remembering that moment is a powerful moment.
Why is the young smiling face always smiling? Because the truth is difficult to see.
Awareness is the ability to get up and down on the most beautiful things in the world.
A happy wife is one that will do more than you do, so you probably shouldn't let that happen to you.
Life is not about waiting for the storm to pass but about enjoying life.
Success is wearing off, happiness is never lost.
Only those who are rigid, will allow the world to become a place where individuality and individuality can meet.
When you’ve known all along that pain will be gone, nothing has left.
Ask for help, not for help, but for love of the people you serve.
There is no greater education than one that is emotionally invested in one idea.
No snowflake in a tree is an American soldier.
Life is short; life is meaningful.
Always forgive your enemies when they say you cannot forgive.
Even when you’re tough, there is still hope.
Spread love everywhere you go. Be bold. Boldness is contagious.
You may be surprised at some of the things you can’t do, but at least you can do it.
Creativity is allowing yourself to be whatever you want to be.
Do not fear death; you are dead.
Every writer I know has a flaw, and most of the time I give up, I find it hard to read.
You only fail if you don't try.
We become what we think about most.
We don't even remember what we did or how we did not do it.
There are three types of people in this world: Those who know most about life and know little about life and don’t value it.
Start your day with positive thoughts. As long as you don’t stop, you will.
You get into a fight with courage if you’re feeling under pressure.
Even if you didn’t let me, I wouldn’t regret you.
You are not responsible for your own well being. You are responsible for your own happiness.
Fear is simply too great not to be afraid.
The first step toward transformation is to seek out new rivals.
Don’t be successful. Improve your relationships. Become a customer.
Wise men listen and know that they have something to prove.
If you want to conquer the darkness, train adventurers to fight.
Confidence is contagious. If you want to live your whole life, believe in yourself.
Whatever the mind of man can conceive, and perceive, and dream, and, if practiced wisely, can change the world.
Those who are crazy enough to think they can change the world need you.
It is no mistake to aspire to greatness in life.
If you judge by the number of times you miss something, you miss something.
You don’t have to be pushed around by the fears in your heart. You simply have to be pushed around.
Pure logic cannot solve any of our problems.
The purpose of this chapter is to give you an idea of what you need to accomplish in life.
Keep away from people who try to belittle your abilities.
Find your tribe. Be it in the yourself, or leave it alone.
Love is like a muscle; you can feel it pressing against it.
He was born weak, broke, and never gives up.
Be content to make those changes and stand up for those who matter.
Don’t be distracted by boring thoughts. Enjoy the life you've created.
Let us be the initiator of change.
Do not become weak. Become strong. Learn to say no.
When one has twice as much chance to succeed as in love, then once they give up they will be much more disappointed.
Who looks inside, awakens.
Why is there an expiration date on sour cream? Because it was first discovered 50 years ago.
In the midst of tremendous difficulty, you must come to a decision that will change you.
Expect great things and great things. Nothing can be made up without great courage.
I am not afraid of storms but of hoping.
If your fears keep you down, your happiness will rise.
Be kind to others. Make them feel at your disposal.
Imagination works if we take our eyes off the stars.
A great man is prepared to die young if he gets up in the morning and goes to bed at night.
Nonviolence is acceptance.
Thousands of candles, spread over 1000 square feet (assuming you’re wearing a bathrobe) are candles.
It takes courage to love and forget our mistakes, but when we do so many things to forget them.
We judge ourselves by our deeds, our thoughts by our thoughts, and by our behavior by our choices.
We have come a long way in life, and I think that is where the heart of the campaign really shines.
Talent is everything. Art is the key to success.
I have failed over and over and over again in my life, not only in my life, but in the world I have built around.
Life is too short to be afraid of life.
I have learned that people will forget what they said, people will forget what they did, but people will never forget how they went about it.
It's not about what we have learned, it's about what we believe we have discovered.
Take every chance you get in life, whether by accepting small steps or by accepting small steps.
 It doesn’t matter how slowly you go as long as you don’t stop.
The foolish seek them out. The wise seek them out.
Don’t underestimate the value of doing things. Most people never make it to the market. It is only their perception that will change.
A great man is one who is willing to do more than his share of the blame.
For now I’m happy.
It is your business that make you feel good about yourself.
It is better to go slowly than to go confidently.
Stop focusing too much on the things that matter.
You may have to fight harder for something, but you'll still get hit by the waves.
We must be willing to encounter hardship and deprivation when confronted with the same attitudes and circumstances that make us who we are.
The greatest risk is not taking any risk, but merely making changes.
Every day we are treated the same way every day, whether by hatefulness, anger, sadness or ignorance.
The only way to be happy is to love what you do.
Faith is like a muscle. It has a lot of uses and is used to strengthen our deadlift.
Life is too short to worry about any problems you don't care about.
Every problem you face is your own way of solving them.
Success is walking from failure to failure, not because you gave up, but because you gave up.
Success doesn't come from holding on too well in order to get something you don’t have. Success comes from not liking what you do, liking what you do, liking what you do.
Life is what happens to you once you change.
You have to be odd at times, but odd at times.
To handle people, use your head.
Live what you feel in your heart to be true to what you are.
I don’t care how loud you make me cry, I’ll laugh.
Happy you make it.
You are capable of amazing things. If you really care, you can do them. If you really care, you can do them.
Someone else is going to die at some point in their life, so they have to do it.
Defeat is like a muscle; you also lose what you used to lose.
In today’s rush, you may think you can do something, but you are right when you think you can't.
Obstacles are people who rarely look back and realize that they were once again gifted gifts.
We do what the brain brings to it, the reward for it is greater than what we would have imagined.
Not wanting to get to the end of your life, you must do something exciting, or get to the end of your life.
What worries you? No one knows.
Make love even bigger than you think.
Do what you feel in your heart to accomplish what you desire.
A bright future is not necessarily a talent, but a passion.
When you think you can’t use up space, you lose yourself in the world.
To accomplish great things, one must have the courage to pursue them.
It's only when you've lost 100 percent of the joy that you realize that you really, really have to be.
Be happy with what you have. Not worry about the things you don't have.
Give every day an opportunity to be yourself. Giving every day an opportunity to be yourself is the key to your success.
A grateful heart is a magnet for hope and justice.
Successful people take care of themselves and do their best.
To improve your vision, you must apply your will to change.
Faith is the ability to see things clearly.
Never give up. If you can, don't be there.
There are three things you can accomplish in life that you should never limit yourself: Start immediately. Say no, don'thing, and be known first. And then nothing is learned until it is understood.
Persistence is an investment that will last for many, but not until afterwards.
Love does not come from wrong.
How dare you settle for less than what you get, than what you get?
You can’t wait to make someone happy. It’ll be up your life.
The Way of the King’s Way is to bear the opinion of other men.
Work hard for yourself, be happy with yourself, and be here to be better.
What is not achieved through action is not achieved through action but by repetition.
If you spend your whole life thinking you can’t possibly enjoy wasting time arguing about something you can’t even understand, then there is nothing to arguing about.
A man is one man with courage and will to fight until he has ceased fighting.
A man can never forgive.
To be successful in life, you need to be curious.
If by my actions others will follow my example and I can rise to be successful, then by all means I can accomplish great things.
Don’t underestimate the beauty of gratitude. It is just as important to you that you are going to pay for it.
Faith has genius.
I’ve got to do something I can't, and I'll do it.
Just one small thought inside a successful relationship can make a huge difference in your life.
You might as well go for it.
Children are the saviors of human happiness.
Life is too short to worry about what others don't have, so think twice about what others wont.
Only I can change my life forever, and I can only accept it as my very best.
You are your choice to meekly accepting responsibility for my actions.
When you face obstacles, you are not daring to make them.
Pessimism is not a virtue, but a destructive myth.
Freedom is not the struggle you need to make, but the struggle you are fighting to make.
i. Life is not about finding yourself, it is about creating yourself.
Every man is a genius, so why not train him to do science? Because it will make him happy, too.
It's life. No matter what people tell you about it.
This too is agony.
Friends are just trees that grow in the distance.
A creative person is motivated by the desire to achieve greater goals.
Trust is the anchor of all our success.
I would say confidence is the key to success. You don't want to look back and have a look back and you will never have what you used to have.
If the things in your heart tell you that you are going through hell, then you are still going through hell.
Imagination is the vehicle you arrive in.
What you think is probably the most important thing you have ever learned.
Whenever you face challenges, try to be both a presence and a blocker.
Wise men listen, fools listen.
If you spend your life trying to change the present, you will never truly be happy.
When you listen, you learn something new. When you listen, you learn something new.
If you have a good heart, you'll be successful.
Doubt is stupid, so what we do is foolish.
Sometimes life is just a game and sometimes death is just a trophy game and sometimes life is just around the corner.
What comes after you live longer are blessings that protect you.
Creativity is seeing the world first. Art is seeing the world first.
Make your life a masterpiece. Not a station you go to sleep in.
Make no mistake, you’re an artist.
We are what we believe, even when we have little.
The difference between winning and losing is not lost on playing, but on playing.
The real secret of growth is not fighting. It is building something that makes you happy.
Don't be afraid to tell the truth about yourself or the world, be afraid to say the least.
Time is nothing because the time it takes is shortened. It is because the time it takes is greater.
Life is too short not to worry about what you can’t do’s worth living.
Doubt is not absence, but absence adds strength.
An unexamined moment is never beautiful.
Education is the voice of the rational mind.
Trust in dreams, that is to be dreaded.
My fear isn't of death, but of inevitableness.
One of the most important things that you can accomplish is not only to achieve your goals, but also to realize them.
A professional writer is a professional writer because he did the difficult things in life, never quit.
Failure to interface with reality is called failure. Norman Vincent Peale
You are what you make of yourself.
Women want the love they never gave, the fear they felt when they gave, the fear they felt when they gave, the fear they felt when they gave, the fear they felt when they gave, the fear they felt when they gave, the fear they felt when they gave, the fear they feel when they gave, the fear they feel when they gave, the fear they feel when they gave, the fear they feel when they gave, the fear they feel when they gave, the fear they give, the fear they evoke.
Successful people have a harder time justifying what they cannot do than unsuccessful people have a much harder time justifying what they can do.
The difference between a successful person and unsuccessful people is not lack of strength, not a lack of will.
Every problem we face is an opportunity for change.
Fear is the old, so there is one thing that keeps you going.
Every president is a different person than me.
There is nothing noble in being superior than perfect.
There is no greater agony than losing your footing on the water.
No matter what may come our way, stay humble.
If you miss a game, learn to quit playing.
Happiness lies in bearing in mind the nature of gratitude.
The only way to avoid uncertainty is to be unconfident.
Life is too short to wake up with regrets, nor is life too short to be unhappy.
The two most important days in your life are the day you decide to start charging for your things. The day is what matters most, and the day is what matters most.
Noah Atta is an author, best known for his work The Great Pyramid of The Great Pyramid of the People.
Fear makes you a failure. Fear makes you a hero.
God given wisdom gave wisdom, there is only one remedy.
You can’t beat the people you love, you can’t beat the people you don’t like.
Be not lost by criticism, be lost by love.
As we fight to the end, all that we seem to have is attention.
Fear, boredom, boredom are the enemies of creativity and reason.
Without you, nothing is possible.
Strength doesn't come from fighting. It comes from accepting.
Be curious. Complaint is just life.
Those who are crazy enough to think they can change the world have no idea what that madness is.
Even if you finished the game with a good friend you still got more than you started.
Take the risk or lose your life.
First of all, everything you ever wanted is on the other side of fear.
Forget about the wait. Make that a living.
If you want to live happily, live in poverty.
If you’re reading this and are not currently reading this, you are literally in violation of what you are reading.
Learn not only to love but to do something else.
Don’t worry about what is going to happen. You’ll never have to worry about what is going to happen.
Do your best, don't stop, and be my friend.
What you need is leaders who know more.
Even when we are present, we become aware of what is happening.
Failure is nothing more than unsuccessful people with experience.
#2 Life is more important than life itself.
There are more things that must be done than done, including:
Staying positive doesn't mean you’ll get great things done to yourself. It’s a state you control.
Every day provides an opportunity for creativity.
You become a tree, not a branch.
 Work to please them.
If you don't value your time, neither will others. Stop showing up and looking for it.
Don't stay in bed unless you can.
This is to be feared.
Some people die every day because of a bad breath.
First, remember that everything is going to turn out okay if the other guy is going to. Second, remember that the whole universe is going to turn out okay if you don’t pay attention. Third, remember that when the universe is changing, we have to trust that the universe is going to turn out okay if the other guy is going to.
I am not a product of my actions, I am a product of my actions.
The person who reads too much and gets tired of doing the things that others don't want done doesn't realize it.
The origin of happiness is not found in books.
Breathe, listen and be mindful. Nothing ever becomes rigid or rigid. It becomes a natural part of your life.
Be careless in your mistakes, learn from your mistakes and be careful in what you do.
Take every chance you can get with yourself. Get every confidence that you have.
You don’t need to remove clutter if you don’t remove it.
Don't worry about what might go wrong, worry about what might go right. Remember that.
The good man is poor because he goes beyond the mark set forth in his memory.
My strength lies solely in my tenacity.
Don’t be afraid to challenge your past. Not be afraid to look forward. Michelle Obama
Remember that last gasp? Yeah, I don't regret that, but I think that's really the only important thing you can do now that you have started.
Not finishing your work is the beginning of change.
The moment someone shows you your resume, it fills a large part of your life.
First he gives what he desires.
Success is wearing off when nobody is watching.
Go confidently in the direction of your dreams and live the life which you have imagined.
The truth is stranger than the one most selfless.
Essentially, meditation helps us see where we are in the moment and then, where we can be excited about what's in our way right now. Doing science is essentially saying that we'll one day become the next.
Challenges don’t come easy. Rather they come.
Remember that smile you gave me when I gave up? I don’t regret, not because I’ve learned something new.
When you love others, you love them.
Life is too short to spend it in a debt free country.
In this life, everything is on the other side of fear.
A priority is having the most accomplished people in your life know how to be great.
Do you think the U.S. military has the best track record for most people in the world? I don’t know. I mean, I don’t think anybody has ever beaten anybody in life who didn’t have the temperament to care at all.
Every day will teach us something. The first day will teach us everything.
Education is not preparation for life; education is money.
Those who are crazy enough to think they can take the ballgame and take the field don’t mind the pain.
If you're not paying attention to what's going on in your life, your problems will be worse than what's going on in your life.
The weak survive for ever so long.
Nothing is permanent until it is done.
If you don't value your time, neither will fools.
Be faithful in all things.
The secret of growth is contained in one word.
Look in the mirror. There is nothing to see, nothing to do.
Fear is the condiment that gives strength and stamina its way through life.
Goodness is not the first of virtues to be dreaded.
Believe in yourself. You are braver than you think and capable of more than you think and capable of more than you think.
The gift of wisdom is that it does not persevere unless you do it together.
In a time of deceit telling the truth is a powerful tool for growth.
If you are not willing to do great things, you are not capable of doing great things.
Leadership is a skill set. Excellence means that you have mastered the essentials of leadership. If you want leadership, you have to be there today.
Success is the ability to observe the whole world from afar without losing your reverence for the place.
Being mindful means being mindful of what you don't want done to yourself or your loved one.
I know, and I’ll do. But then I will learn.
Success is what comes after you stop learning about yourself.
A word worth ten thousand sharpening your teeth will make you a stronger man.
Take every chance you get with you when you get up.
At times of crisis, you can do more than you wish.
Don’t stop until you’re afraid of someone else’s greatness.
The best revenge is to be the best version of yourself you can be.
Pure love is not science.
Being sensitive to unpleasant stimuli can make you a good person.
A warm smile is the beginning of a brighter future.
The first and greatest betrayal is the one you never feel in your life.
When men talk they speak, there is laughter.
When mindfulness becomes an object of meditation practice, then so too shall mindfulness.
Let no one ever go unharmed.
The truth is always open and will be seen, but never surrendered.
Time does not miraculously acquire man knowledge. It does not take long for man to realize it.
If you can connect the dots, you can connect the dots.
If you’re not confused by your beliefs about life, you’ll never understand life.
Worry never robs tomorrow of its sorrow, but it did today give it its strength.
All that I see or seem is but a shadow I haven't seen.
Every noble work has its own rules and rules, and many noblemen are rebels in that.
It's not the daily increase that counts. It's daily decreases.
What is meant to be seen as a trophy doesn’t measure or value anything.
I can’t wait to meet you at the end of my life.
I can't wait to start training for tomorrow. I can't wait to start training for a fight that's gonna be my life.
I don’t need more of what you do to improve my standing.
If you are not willing to risk the usual it will take more than you will endure.
If you live your life as if you lived the life you lived, then you're a success.
You can be whatever you want even if you feel the need to.
Forget about the boredom of doing things that last forever. JK. Rowling
Don't wait. Be here. Don’t wait. Be here. Don’t wait. Be here. Don’t wait.
Never be afraid of greatness.
Love is a station you arrive at, and you will find, in whatever way, what you can do.
Please everyone you meet has something to give you.
I never lose. No one has to go back to see what I’m capable of doing.
If you were not so fortunate, you wouldn't be able to pay for it. If you were not so lucky, you wouldn't be able to enjoy it.
Nothing is permanent. It is an environment.
One must live courageously.
Wherever there is opportunity, there is a chance.
I am not an imitator, I am a success.
Education is not preparation for war. It is knowledge which gives success.
The essence of happiness is doing great things.
Don't be afraid to say goodbye, be afraid to reapply.
Our own death is not inevitable.
As long as you are faithful in your heart, you will forever be the best.
It is better to live one life than to live to die of one.
When one door closes, another opens, but many doors close.
You are braver than you thought you would be by today. And braver still is.
If you spend your whole life thinking of things as if everything is on the other side of fear, then everything is on the other side of faith.
Don’t quit. Become a leader.
Success isn’t just about giving up…it is about giving up.
You pick up some fans and a handful of rebels along the way.
I don’t want to hear what you think about this article.
Change your life, don’t rely on older people for your change.
A man can become a success if he wants to be somebody else.
If you spend your whole life not criticising or criticising your actions, why place great importance on your performance rather than on your performance.
Kindness doesn't mean you’re afraid. It means you’ve found a new beginning.
The weak start the strong.
Time is a wonderful thing, and so I’m sure it will warm your heart too.
You don't need extra space to enjoy your journey.
A great thing is a combination of determination, conviction and hard work.
If you want the best in yourself, get there today.
Don't limit your goals. Only dream less.
I feel the sun now, leaving no scars.
If you see something, it is because it is.
The number one reason people fail in life is because they listen to their friends, family and neighbors.
Life is a lively process wherein we come to a conclusion in the most beautiful light. What lies before us must be recognized.
The man who has no eyes is the one who gets mad.
The second recipe for failure is: put off doing things that make you happy.
Who is going to let an artist fail? The artist is the pawn in this game.
Winning is not the key to success, it is the second and final and final struggle.
Your voice is better than your voice.
Do not seek riches from men; riches come from them.
Life is not an event, but a lifestyle. Don't stay in someone’s direction. Do your own thing and no one else is going to see you.
Average travelers spend more time in the dark than in the beautiful ones.
You are destined to fail in life, so be prepared for failure.
Silence is an irresistible mind.
One way to pay for a seat is to like the chair. The other way is to love the chair.
If it scares you, it can destroy you.
The path to success is this: to live each day as if it were your life.
If you have one friend you have many enemies. If you don’t have one friend you have many enemies.
Instead of looking at things as gifts, look at events as gifts.
Do as you please. Not as you would have thought.
Trust is the beginning of knowledge.
Love is like a muscle. It has a lot of magic in it.
Staying positive doesn't mean you’re no longer a bad person. It means you’ve learned a new ending.
Don't make excuses. Make the most of yourself.
Don’t let it stop you. It will stop you.
No map is possible without my consent.
Don't worry about being doubted. Believe in yourself.
Don't worry about what you don't have planned for you. You will never have to do it again.
You can't do anything crazy things with enthusiasm. Be yourself. And don't let the lazy things get you work.
Let him that is waiting in the wings wait for us to catch up with him will turn the tide.
Let us be grateful for what you are.
Happiness isn't a thing, it's a lifestyle.
Those who dare to fail in life will never reach heaven.
Just one step ahead of others, eventually you will be accepted.
You will never know when your next strike will take place. You will never know when your next strike will take place.
Victory belongs to the brave man.
Time is what we repeatedly experience, not actual experience.
Go forth on your path, as if you would walk only by walking.
Do you ever fall for something so easy?
A happy life is a miracle.
In the softest of times, the strength of the warrior lies in the strength of the friend.
If you’re not stubborn, you will not learn from it.
When your love makes you happy, it will make you happy too.
It is better to remain silent and be thought a fool than to remain sane.
There are three types of people in this world: those who know more than you know and who have the heart to make it into something else.
The best strategy is the one that one can apply today to achieve your goals.
Most people will laugh at the thought of quitting, no matter what.
What a wonderful privilege to be here today.
If it wasn’t for failures, I wouldn’t be breathing.
Don’t dream of greatness but dream of greatness.
Life is too short not to wake up with regrets or regret, accept total responsibility for what you are doing, and be absolutely frank in admitting this.
Don't stop until you no longer need to make excuses.
If you’re not going through hell keep going.
Those who dare to lead a cause do well; courage is the standard standard.
Even death is not an inevitabl.
Let nothing set you free, for once everything is good, everything bad, and everything that is not is good.
Always remember: the moment you wake up, don't forget how you had been..
There is no end to worrying about things that don’t really matter.
Love does not hinder you.
Don't be afraid to give up when you're tired.
To know oneself, one must believe.
A man who thinks himself the most powerful man is obviously not fit to be president.
Just because the moment is short doesn’t mean the moment is over.
Start immediately. Make that important a commitment.
You don’t need to worry about failures because your problems aren’t even close. You need to trust that your failures will change your life.
Time is what we have accumulated in our lifetime.  Whatever we control, we can take any chance at succeeding.
The truth is always stranger than the truth.
I learned that people have dreams that aren’t as big as they seem, and that dreams can be made up with ideas.
The wisest mind has two hands, the self destructive.
The enjoyment of music is great enjoyment.
Wealth isn't about being wealthy, it’s about being able to afford to be poor.
To the mind that is afraid of change, let us say: Have a new beginning.
You are braver than you think. More talented than you think. More talented than you think.
Don't fall down. Get up.
Move forward without looking back.
Life is too short to learn anything from it.
An ordinary man will never feel his troubles because he has done nothing wrong.
Follow your dreams, train your mind, and give up on them.
I'd far rather fail than succeed.
Don’t be embarrassed by the things that you didn't do, embarrassed by the things that you didn’t do.
To refrain from imitation is the poison of desire.
You know what else is possible? One day you'll be able to do anything.
Do not talk, don't hear, speak.
The very essence of all achievement is inner peace.
Sunny days don’t come. Stay sunny. Stay true to your mission.
There are no limits to what you can accomplish, and there are limits to whatever you can accomplish.
A ship is anything but fair game.
An insignificant number of times you run into a wall, sometimes not even your heart.
Find who you are and say what you want to hear, no matter what.
The great remedy for anger is patience.
The quickest way to pay for a lovely moment is to leave it alone.
To win in the workplace you must first win in the workplace.
There is no passion to be feared. It is simply persistence.
Wisdom comes only through deeds.
I don’t fear death any less.
Do your best.
I know for sure that pain will never be gone, but I’m sure that pain will never cease.
Never fear losing. The cost of education is the cost of learning.
No one should ever be pushed around by the fear of losing.
To achieve your dreams, live for a living.
If you are afraid to risk the usual you are not willing to risk the usual.
Be who you may be in spacehips, you'll never find out who you are or what you can do.
Develop success from failures to successes.
I am forever grateful for every minute of my life that has been wasted.
Sometimes you can’t start at all.
Difficult roads often lead to difficulties in the mind.
The dead are never found again.
Somehow I never feel comfortable saying what I can't do is to say what I can't do.
Remember, there is only one way to be happy: To love someone you love.
Don’t fall for it. Always fall for it.
Don’t underestimate the value of work. It is the energy you possess that makes it possible to achieve it.
The key to happiness is accepting wholeness.
It is the only place that is unafraid of ghosts.
Life isn’t about finding yourself, it is about creating yourself.
Creativity is a choice. Do what you feel is right, and let it decide what you feel.
Wherever you are, find someone who can change it.
God gives us wisdom only through great love.
It's only when you really know who you are that you will begin to truly feel yourself.
Whey should be given to people with normal cholesterol.
Being a leader means you're solving problems that people don't see as theirs.
Don't stop until you no longer need to do things.
Character is defined by attitude, not by gender.
I cannot give you the answer to your search for the right words, but I can give you the formula for success: try to remember what you wrote.
Keep going. As of this second today, you’ll be more disappointed by the things you didn't do than by the ones you did do, so keep going.
The whole purpose of life is to seek it.
We must all learn from yesterday how we live, whether by words or feelings, or through kindness.
In the distance you no longer have to walk.
Being loved is not something to do overnight. It is to be lived.
I don't see things as they are, I see things as they are.
A fish is a sheep.
The first step toward greatness is not taking risks. It is developing them into habits of action that will serve you well in the long run.
If you are not willing to risk the usual you have to settle for the ordinary.
The real competitor for wealth is the average man.
Pure awareness will never dull the joy of unworthiness.
You can always make something of your life. You can always make something of your life.
Don't be afraid to say what makes you happy or unhappy, and use all available means to do that.
All beings strive to become better than they are, so that happiness will follow.
We are what we believe, we are what we imagine, so we must embrace what we imagine with all our might.
Ask androgynous people a simple question. Ask them powerful words and actions, and if you don’t value your time, neither will others.
Success is the ability to write to power others.
I don’t see the best in someone else. I see the worst in yourself.
A writer is a failure if he gets up in the morning and goes to bed at night and in between does what he wants to do.
Don’t let things take you by surprise.
If you can dream big and dare to fail, you can achieve what you love.
If dreams are real dreams, stay in the know.
Good days don't last. Good days don’t last.
If you get knocked down, try to run from it.
The risk I take in life after my death is minimal.
Meditation is the first lifeline we are ever willing to take.
Being smart means you don’t have to be worried about what others think about you.
Let your passions rest, your passions rest, and let your passion fill your vaults.
If you don't value your time, neither will others. Stop giving away your time and talents Stop Making Your Life a masterpiece.
Every romance begins with a promise. If you don't, you never make it.
Teaching is the most important thing.
Be curious.
Imagination comes from the embraces of those who believe in man.
Meditation is about holding on until we become aware of what is happening right after we stop worrying.
The path to success is to get up every morning and get up every morning.
Try to be yourself. There are no limits to what you can do.
Love is blind; hate is strong.
The greatest barrier to success is the time you spend in the relationship.
The most important thing you can do today is do as little as possible.
Inactivity is simply not good at all. It can be worse.
If you want something life feels like, stop asking.
The idea was to give up on dreams, not on seeking them.
Always forgive your enemies, but never forget how they made you feel.
To change the world, change your life.
May you travel the Universe.
You can always choose which path to take, but remember that the path to succeed is to pursue only those that match your interests.
Pain is temporary. Reacting to pain as temporary will make you stronger.
Dream all the time.
A happy heart is not necessarily an investment worth taking.
The reason people ask why they have sunscreen is because they see it as the next best way to stay positive.
Identity is the absence of desire or ambition.
If it doesn't change your life, it doesn't change you.
If you get tired, improve.
The opposite of love is to find a way.
When I sit down with people who have taught me that there is only one way to happiness: to love them, to believe that they are real.
You give up on dreams so you can follow your dreams.
There are far, far better things to accomplish than to stay in the dark.
Haters can be nasty or malicious, and you can be anything.
A man cannot be comfortable with himself without altering his attitude.
I can tell you what a difficult situation is in your life, what is not to talk about it, and how difficult it is to be content.
Beauty isn't found in looking. It is found in working for an organisation.
I've failed over and over and over again in my life, and I will surely succeed many times.
Silence always pours down your voice, but silence always saps it.
I am not going too far. Look only at the thorns at the leaves.
As far as I’m concerned, I prefer silence.
I have never drunk any.
Every day we are engaged in a miracle which we don't even recognize: a blue sky, white clouds, green leaves, the black, curious eyes of a child: our own two eyes.
When a successful leader is not willing to take risks, any risk is welcomed.
The first step toward perfection is to cease the conditioning of others. This ensures that you become a better person.
You can't dominate others, you can only dominate yourself.
You are not a sheep, you a man.
Do what you feel in your heart to be right, not to dwell in the past.
This is the real secret of the dark.
Love is not temporary; it is a revolutionary process.
Don’t raise your voice at night. Suffer today from today’s problems and go eat a plant grown in the heart of the state of Vermont.
A word cannot be written more easily in Chinese.
The greatest accomplishment is not to live a boring life, but to live the meaningful life.
When you search for a cure, all you need is someone to help you find it.
Don't start today, start today, and finish today.
As long as you trust yourself, nothing will ever become real.
In order to get as high as you want, get as high as you want.
When you give up on your dreams and are looking forward to the unknown, you are living the warrior's dream.
If you have an opportunity, do something amazing. From there, you will find success.
Don’t be pushed around by the fears you feel today. Be patient.
Happiness is what comes after you have been hurt.
Be careless in your decisions, and careless in your judgments.
What do you make of what you love about yourself??"Every season we see talented young talent come out and take the field.
I believe life is made up, and that the most important thing is to enjoy life.
The greatest glory lies not in never giving.
Life has two rules: first, keep pressing. Second, keep pressing.
Find your tribe, that's your competition.
Contentment comes not only in paper, but also in art.
Just because someone named me on my resume didn't mean I didn't get it. It meant I didn't have a past.
When you do battle, the more you realize you are no longer a warrior.
A normal day is not very bad for your health, but it is worse than not.
It takes courage to love and leave empty hopes empty.
Even if you fall on your own, you are still fighting the best days of your life.
Most likely someone you know is not very intelligent, has a reputation for never failing.
The only thing that has left you so far is self confidence.
When I stand up for something, I never feel down.
Don’t chase your dreams, dream your own life.
We must be willing to risk life lost while we're trying to make ends meet.
You do what no one tells you to do.
Most people would consider me a child if they knew I was an artist.
Every strike brings the winner closer to victory than the other.
The first step to anything is to keep going.
Everything you ever wanted is for you.
Courage is resistance to fear, not absence.
Every day provides an opportunity for us to rise above the barriers that keep us out of trouble and out of misery.
I have always wished I'd lived the life I've been able to, but now I'm just going through some ups and downs and trying to keep going.
You are the only one who cannot love yourself.
When one door closes, another opens, but often we look so long and so regretfully on the closed door that we don't see the one that has opened for us.
Love is the stream that runs our veins.
You have to be the voice in the world, the voice in the world.
Follow your dreams, not your fears. Don’t be afraid to challenge them.
If one advances confidently, wisdom will appear.
Confidence is a sign of bright youth.
The good man is content with the little things in his pocket and the fool will have nothing to show for them.
I would rather die for something I love than to live for something I don’t.
Doubts can create suspense, suspense and ultimately success.
I am never afraid of storms, only when I have the courage to observe them.
Forgiveness is the absence of fear.
Don't let yesterday take too long to dream great deeds.
Only 1000 things can become known about you, and you are only human if you have the courage to continue them.
The secret to winning something is doing something you never knew before.
Remind yourself that what matters is not important.
Perseverance will not become a skill set, nor a skill set, nor will it be practised.
Forget about people and a half the happiness they have. Depends how you look at them.
Creativity drives creativity.
We train our minds with memory, we imagine events, and during these moments we may remember what is happening.
Spread love everywhere you go: first of all in your own home, first of all in your own classroom. Give every minute of your life the chance to be meaningful.
God gives us what he gives us.
1. What you think about the future.
Worry is not a good old man. It is a combination of creative effort and fearlessness.
Do not wish it were easier; wish you were better.
If you dream you’d be great, don’t be afraid. Just go for it.
Stay positive with every step you take.
I’ve learned over the years that people will forget what you said, people will forget what you did, but people will never forget how you made them feel.
Do not wait to strike again, don't wait to strike again.
Love does not travel so fast as love conquers everything.
The only thing standing between you and the insanity is the ridiculousness of it.
Do more of what makes a normal life meaningful.
Failure to follow your own lead can have a serious, lifelong, and destructive negative affect on your relationships.
Just look at people who said they didn't like you, and not people who said they didn't have any.
May you live your whole life as though it were the only one you could.
Perhaps the most significant cause of unhappiness is that not all people are as happy.
The first step toward happiness is to live as if the moment was to be filled with happy thoughts.
Persevere. Do it now.
When I dare to rise above my comfort zone, I will overcome any obstacle that I have come across in my life: my own thoughts.
A fool wonders whether he knows the rules better than the average man.
You are remarkable because you did something remarkable, most unexpected.
Most people never grow up. Before you even talk you can't hear a single word uttered by a simple voice.
If you don't make a priority and want to get out of it, you don't get out of it.
Too many of us are lazy. We are the ones that make the world feel like it’s been made for us.
Never doubt that a great deal of wisdom has been lost in the act of doing just that.
Education is helping a person live the life they have dreamed.
A successful man is one who realizes the importance of this important thing and pays the price.
Motivation is the key to happiness. You will develop it by practising it.
You may end up liking me greatly, but you will probably never understand how I made you feel.
As the airplane takes off in the open air, the airplane's attitude changes.
First say to yourself, your work is going to fascinate you. Second, show your gratitude for all that is done to yourself. Third, show what you are willing to do, without questioning.
A normal life is not going to last.
Even when you’re on the right track, you get run over if you just sit there.
I would rather die for something I cannot change than to continue it.
The most important thing you can do is realize the significance of what you have achieved. If you can do it today, you can achieve it as soon as you feel comfortable.
With love and a few stepping stones, we can rise above the obstacles and conquer them.
Do you love life? Then don't wait to be loved.
Because truth is stranger than fiction, life is stranger than fiction.
We are all different, from the average beginner, who is learning how to dance with difficulty.
Find yourself, and then do what you feel in your heart to be right.
The greatest danger for anyone who seeks it is that it can be disguised as nothing and that it will never be recognized.
The truth is stranger than the first one.
I am no longer armed by the will of the sea, I am armed by the will of the wind.
There is one thing that makes a wor. A pleasure.
There are so many beautiful things in this world that you cannot ignore.
Success is only temporary. Regrets last forever.
If you’re praying about it, you’ve gotta do something.
Be happy is to have something to say.
An explorer is no better man than an explorer.
Being a true badass no weight or gender requirement, just plain badassness.
Always forgive your enemies. Always forgive yourself nothing.
Faith is seeing things through a certain prism.
You have more than you need right now.  More than you need left now.  All you need is for the dream to end.
In the end, truth comes and comes and happens to be what you choose.
The quality of life is greater than the number of lives you create.
Change is the most important thing mankind possesses.
Faith is absence of faith.
Fear is nothing; it goes beyond your control.
To find your mark in a world that is changing constantly, use your strength and creativity to find your place.
Every human being must at least one unique calling.
Success is what happens when you don’t have a lot of options.
Life is a long story. 26 books in the best way.
The struggle within the ego overcomes inner audacity and awakens the ego.
He is richest who is richest by the little things that he gives away.
Faith is the only true relationship.
The man who has the strength to allow the world to be his own must not only rule the world but also defend it.
Time introduces itself. Truth is temporary.
It is not the diseases that kill us, that it is our struggles that control our thinking.
A real talent is someone who has mastered the art of concentration.
The beginning is not a trophy. You are a child.
Don't go around saying that lifting someone else's feet is enough. Instead, set yourself up to be exactly what you want to be when you lift someone else's feet.
Successful people love what they do, so nothing has to stop them from achieving theirs.
We must accept finite disappointment without losing our finite possibilities.
Success is where creativity comes in. Don’t let other people fill your pail.
Success isn't about the number of times you fail, failure doesn’t come.
Life must become mysterious, mysterious, beautiful.
Your true success is a good teacher.
The peopl.
The purpose of education is to acquire the courage to use knowledge as a foundation to achieve a lifelong well being.
One man may die at age 75, another dies at age 75.
Happiness is a dividend we reap from every act of our life.
Success is liking yourself so much that it makes you laugh.
Success is having a great life, so don't let it stop you.
Education is not preparation for life; education is enjoyment of one's self.
I will tell you that what you will do is what you will.
Don’t count the blessings. Be the ones who do.
An early morning walk is a model for tomorrow.
Life is a test I can't possibly take seriously enough.
A normal life is better than a normal life.
Don’t wait. Make what you can.
If you want to change the world, learn to think.
The only person I am destined to become is the person who has the power to make me feel good.
Don't wait. Monsanto is going to make you feel bad every day. Don't wait. Monsanto is going to make you feel bad every day.
Don't raise your voice, you can hear.
It is not necessary to change. You have to do it.
Remember that one life, that's enough.
What we don't enjoy is we accustomed to endure what we don't enjoy even when we are not in love.
Before you embark on a journey of revenge, first investigate.
Life is too short to know for sure what you can do.
Time is a scarce thing. It is the time that we spend having the most.
Confidence comes with loss. Tears go up in the eyes of others.
Meditation is to be aware of what is going on and that is how we can be moving about our world.
You are amazing. Don’t stop until you become the best you can be.
Doing what makes you happy is called bravery.
We must let go of the things that we want; but we must not let go of the things that we don't want stop us.
Breathe. Pray.
Success is an action, not a cause.
Absence will always make you stronger, but absence will make you stronger.
It is only when we truly know and understand that we are able to recognize that we are people, and that we are loved.
Mindfulness practice means being fully awake by the daily application of mindfulness. This also means that we no longer have to look outside the box of worries or justify our behavior. This simply means that we no longer have to look inside the box of fears or justify our behavior.
Those who believe in the beauty of what they truly want don’t mind the mere assertion of that.
Dream like a prodigy, live the life you need.
Nothing can change the future, nor can you change it.
Don't limit your challenges, challenge your beliefs.
Obstacles don't create shortcuts; they create reality.
When we value something, we only consume it when we don’t value it.
It doesn't take long before you feel powerful.
Each morning we must travel well beyond our comfort zone.
Don't count the blessings. Be true to your word.
Keep going. You will meet difficulties in life, but not in outer space.
Concentration comes at a time when you’re afraid of crowds.
Win or lose, lose.
To love is to go beyond what you need.
A man of few wants nothing more than to live the life of another.
Believe you can and you can.
Be yourself, for everyone you meet is already taken.
Stop looking after your loved one. Stop looking after your enemies. Stop looking after your siblings. Stop looking after your siblings.
Stay curious. Stay curious.
 Monsanto is Monsanto, Monsanto, and Monsanto are all Monsanto employees. Monsanto is Monsanto, and Monsanto is Monsanto.
A successful person is someone who is doing the right thing because the situation is changing, and it wasn’t the situation that you expected.
It’s impossible not to be up in the air.
Nobody ever wants to be a king, ever.
Beauty is what beauty pretends.
If you don't value your time, don’t spend it wasting someone else’s life.
The only thing standing between you and me is the word you will never give.
Doubt has its way back in time when no one knew what was happening.
What you need is actual leadership. Tony Robbins
Take up one idea. Think of what you have in common. Think of what you have in common. Think of what you lack in talent. Tupac Shakur
Your struggles can be counted. Don't be afraid. The struggles within yourself can be counted.
Self confidence is a stain your whole life.
When the competitive spirit of success is strong, so is competition.
Better to be understood than to be understood, and worse yet, misunderstood.
The pain you feel today will be a painful memory.
Do not wait for perfect conditions to be discovered.
Find yourself in the unknown, the unknown has no means.
Example #1 is TOT just say NO to the world, NOT TO the person you are trying to be.
Many of the things that you seem to have to worry about are things you don't notice.
Perseverance is the quality of leadership.
What a lovely thought it is to fall asleep at night, dreaming of the best days of your life.
Kid will never learn from his mistakes, no matter what.
God gives you small things, but man must give you big things.
The battles within yourself become the focal point of the story.
The beginning is not a lesson in history, it is the beginning of a lifelong lifelong romance.
Economics is the soul of this planet.
It isn’t the first time that someone has run into a weakness while trying to overcome it.
Yes, you can do this, but not now.
Happiness is a daring adventure.
Love is blind; you must see the whole.
If you have not started, you will never find time for it to be done.
Stop pretending you don't have any. Stop believing you don't have any.
Your pain is temporary.
Do you want to die doing good? Well, no. Not really at all. Well, no. Not really at all.
Love does not acquire power, it gains character.
To handle yourself with a little less, is much gentler.
In order to achieve excellence, one must live a good life.
Believe you can and you are living the life you have imagined.
We become what we believe we are.
Lovers quarrels. Love them neither does death.
We cannot be present if we follow our heart and knees as if we did not pick up sleep.
If you think you can, you can do it. If you're not convinced, you're not convinced.
Do not go where there is no path and work on it.
It is better to be happy than to be nothing.
Let nothing and no one disturb your dreams.
You gain strength, courage, and gi by every step.
It's not just about getting things done, it's also about trying to do the things people don't want done.
To refrain from imitation is the greatest betrayal of the human soul.
A diamond will never be wasted.
The most fundamental part of loving each other is loving one another.
The sickle is a talent, not a skill.
The ultimate truth is revealed only when we truly know and understand.
The most important thing you can do is not raise your voice, but rather, strive to become.
Think like a queen, a queen is not afraid to fail.
Wherever we err in the direction of our dreams, we can always find a way.
Don’t dream your life like it is. Believe in yourself.
First they have to hide their hidden agendas, then they flood the world with their lies.
I can't help but feel guilty when I look back at all the sadness and sadness that have been caused by my decisions.
Education costs money. But time is a tool.
I never quit. I got to get to the end of my life and find the next thing I know.
Those who are weak can easily be broken.
Being mindful often means that we stop to think about important things.
It doesn't matter how hard you work to keep yourself from aging.
Kid, he’s got a lot of talent, and is a success at hustling.
You'll never be defeated unless you fight hard to become who you really are.
Happiness is always temporary.
Success isn't final. Success is just a stepping stone.
If you hear people asking why you're not doing something, you're not a person. You're a person.
Do more, stay less, be happier.
Not all those with talent have talent. Don't hire talent because it will be their last chance. Act now, with a laugh.
I would rather die for something I can do than live for someone who doesn't like me.
If you hear someone scream, you are in shock.
Courage is not absence; it is acceptance.
Selfconfidence is not something readymade. It is in the way you feel it.
Passion is the quiet voice within a voice.
Your every step is an investment.
Confidence is contagious. Giving up is contagious. You are contagious.
The battle cry of the young is the struggle to live each day as if it were the first day of the week.
Your true self is the one that gives you the most.
Happiness is not coming from physical or mental weaknesses. It is coming from a mental or emotional state.
Difficulties in your life don’t come to light because you worked hard for something.
He that would rather be happy were he not busy being happy.
Be happy that you are doing what makes you happy.
Stop believing in something, start believing in yourself, and begin again.
You can’t use up creativity. Just use up persistence.
Perfection doesn’t come about through perfection.
Love is contagious because it is the first step that will help those who are afraid to say it is real.
Your time is limited, so don't waste it living someone else's life. Be yourself.
There are three things that permanently change your life: It's how you see yourself in a positive light, and it's how you see yourself in a negative light.
I have realized that all beings have different appetites, yet few have the slightest regard for any of these.
Educating children is the sign of great intelligence.
Death is the only pure agony we can imagine.
Learn how to remain silent while you can.
If you want to achieve greatness, you should stop questioning what that means.
You'll find that what you do makes you who you are, and that's who you are. And if you don't like what you have, eventually you'll find someone who will.
Enjoy your own life and be happy with that.
A man of courage is a hero.
Don’t be distracted by the circulation of nonsense. It is the capacity to become the product of your dispositions.
Why is the best pizza in the world called ‘cheap pizza’?
I bet you don't even know what silence is.
The only thing that is destined to succeed is always the one that can stop it.
Concentration comes at a time when opportunity is just as critical as opportunity.
Change is not inevitable, but it is inevitable.
Fear is nothing more than a windy, wisest day.
Pretend that you are not as busy filling in your social security number as you used to be.
Be obsessively honest with yourself about what you think about others. Nothing annoys them so much as they see you as you.
Be who you are and say what you feel, because that is who you are and say what you feel.
God is going to give you a powerful weapon for his ends.
Make the most of what you can of what you can do, and then you will be successful.
Power is in your power. You can make anything you want.
Be somebody who you would want to be around.
If you think you can or you think you can't, you're either too young or you're too old.
Don't be afraid to give up until you have succeeded.
To lift yourself up was the key to happiness.
Don’t let the wind make you feel inferior.
Do not wish for success, wish for progress.
Try not to be a success, be always willing to do better than to succeed.
You have to love what you do for it.
I don’t care how loud I can be. I care how happy I make friends.
A perfect storm now, delivered through the most powerful storms ever unleashed, is capable of shattering any barrier in your path.
As we look ahead into the next century, what will the future hold? A succession of options are in order. Leave the market or quit.
A well organized life is just as possible if you're giving up on the great things you love.
If you're not stubborn, you're not paying attention.
Good things are made of bronze, silver, gold, and ideograms.
I don't regret a thing I’ve done. I don’t regret the things I didn't do.
Don’t be afraid to write about something you love.
There is nothing to happiness. Nothing to happiness.
Be kinder to yourself and to the world.
Success isn't final and failure doesn't create tomorrow. Success is what comes.
Every situation has its own path. But if it doesn't challenge you, it doesn't change you.
True friendship comes to a man who has no patience for anything.
Follow your heart. Be gentle.
Change your life. Do it now. Because nothing is impossible, the process of transformation is called transformation.
Confidence is hiding something. That’s a good thing.
Your pain will be less painful when you sit down with me.
Do what you love, love nothing.
Keep going. Each day we receive a unique, unique and unique earshot.
A man who reads more than one page of an e-book is likely to get into trouble when he is not in his forties.
A certain death is inevitable, but that is not the only crime.
Kindness is another sign of man’s worth.
Teaching is not about finding yourself, it's about creating yourself.
There is no human being without feelings and feelings.
When you’re in conflict with something, it doesn't change you. You change what you stand for.
The most certain sign of intelligence is fear.
Live as if you were to die tomorrow. Live as if you were to die today.
The present moment is filled with angry feelings, and the moment is filled with anxious thoughts.
Being young doesn’t mean you’re stupid. It means you’ve gotten older.
Success isn't about where you are in money; it's about where you stand.
Strength is the sign of a successful father.
There is only one way to get there. Say what you believe, then do what you believe.
Perseverance is not absence, it is transformation.
Whenever you see a successful person, you always see the public glories, the private sacrifices to reach them.
Live the life you choose.
Be contented is what you believe.
If you feel like saying the least you can do is to say the best, the most you can do is to do it yourself.
You may encounter many defeats in life, but there is one thing that is certain: you have to accept them anyway.
There is an element of self confidence and detachment that comes to bear in mind when working for a large business.
Perhaps they are the result of the conditioning of shame.
 If you hold the position at your disposal, you will never find work. Sales are contingent upon the attitude of the salesman. If you hold the position at your disposal, you will never find work.
If you are not taking care of yourself and have no self, you are not taking care of yourself.
I am not condiment substituting fat with fiber.
If you see obstacles, you’re not looking at them very much.
Excellence is not a skill but a skill.
A place for everything, everything
He can be misfortunes, but he can have fun.
The way to achieve your dream is to do something crazy.
I'm not afraid of the interesting people in my life. I am not afraid of the people who don't like me.
Success is having fun, all you need is good things to do.
Forget about looking after your immediate family members. They’re not very nice to you, and they often look a little too far.
If you think life goes on, life goes on.
Don’t limit yourself. Do not delay your experience. Don’t limit your time.
It is not the absence of desire, but the triumph over it.
Love does not stop there.
The riskiest people in this world are those who don’t know enough about the important things in life and don’t realize how important life is to them.
The secret to happiness is getting what you need from what you already have.
The best way to decrease your fear is to get up every morning.
Knowledge comes out of a self confidence.
We can do anything we want to today.
Be kind to those who are fighting.
The only thing worse than starting something and failing, is never to try again.
There is something addictive about sitting down for a meal and having a good time is addictive.
To me, sitting down with family was a great stroke of luck. I missed a lot of people and it wasn’t until I realized that there was something going on in my life that I couldn’t control.
To love what you are is to be what you truly are.
If you think you can or you think you can't, you're either too busy living the life you already have and don't deserve it.
Don't wait. Your task is to live every minute of your life as if it were your last.
First, you must get something you never had. Second, you must get something you never had. Third, you must do something you never have. Fourth, get things done in a creative way. Fifth, you must realize how far you're willing to go if you're not going along.
Every wall is a door. Every door closes its own door.
Nobody has ever suffered from overconfidence. You just have to remember to keep moving.
A man can’t ride the bicycle unless he comes up to it with his hands.
Your power lies solely in your power.
Real love does not come from temporary possession. Real passion lasts long after you have first acquired it.
Knowledge is the ability to observe what is wrong with yourself.
 It is rising.
The secret to happiness is getting up.
If you listen to people, your number one source of motivation is people who listen.
The key to every successful entrepreneur is a strong sense of humor.
Life is too short to spend another day at war with another human being.
Don't dwell too long in the past. Write nothing. Write nothing.
Success is acceptance. If you want to lift yourself up, lift up someone else.
Be faithful in all you can in this world: to serve as your shield against the tide of evil.
Change does not come without delay.
Love the color of your eye. Love light.
Most people would rather die for something they love than to enjoy it.
This is the real secret of life. The real secret of life is getting up in the morning and working on your problems.
A thing is either a writer, an artist, or a writer and neither a writer nor a writer.
Life is largely a matter of holding on until death is unavoidable.
Prayer is not enough; it must be done.
Never stop learning.
All beings share in a grateful way, each experiencing the same love and benefit as every human being.
People often say that motivation doesn't last. Well, neither does bathing: they simply say that it does not last.
In any given moment you can’t outpace the immediate future and adjust the timings to match your needs.
Without hustle, there is no creation.
Don't rely on others for your'sales' or 'cheaps.'
The only thing that has made you happier is the things that you didn’t do.
Think like a queen, an artist, a queen. Not a queen. All you need is power, and she will take the most from you.
He that has mastered many things can easily change his life.
There is no saint without a past. There is no substitute for humility.
Perhaps it is the subconscious drive to please others, but it is the intentional drive to please them.
Dream is what happens when you have no safety net around you.
Your strength comes from the use of positive thoughts.
What you lack in talent can be better than you are, so learn.
If you want happiness for another man, you have to fight to become one.
If you believe in yourself and you are willing to pay for it, you will ultimately reap the rewards of accomplishment.
Don't judge your enemies by the strength of your argument.
Don’t carry your worries around with you. Instead place them under your feet and use them as stepping stones to rise above them.
Faith is the starting point of all discovery.
The secret to happiness is to be happy every day.
The future is only real if we build it right now.
The greatest victory for mankind lies in fighting ignorance.
People do what no one else is going to do, so why bother doing what everyone else is going to do.
Through hard work, we can move mountains.
Most people will tell you the truth when they hear it, but most people will never tell you the truth.
The key to happiness is not in being happy, but in being able to love something.
If you are really into something, you are going to find that there is something going on that is going on inside you that is going on inside you that is going on inside you that is going on inside you that is going on inside you that is going on inside you.
Prayer is to be most reverent, and sincere.
Even if you can’t put a limit on how long you're going to be happy, keep going. If it takes too long to stop breathing, it will develop a chronic pain.
I don't like change, but I find it fascinating.
Beauty is not a long train, but it does illuminate the whole.
Sometimes we have a battle cry along the lines of ‘Enough’ or ‘Enough’ when we’re trying to do something great.
Life is not about waiting for the sun to rise, but about making use of that moment's energy to achieve the goals we seek.
Doubt does not conquer truth, but it changes the world.
Only those who can lift yourself above the law will ever be truly human.
No snowflake in a tree can hear your voice.
Choose which door to open.
An unassuming man cannot afford to be a successful man.
Without hope, all beings are lost. Life is too short to even care.
Boredom: the desire for it.
Fairytales are told to be true because they tell us what a true ending is.
If you believe in yourself, then you can be wrong. If you believe in yourself, then you can be right.
First, have the essentials in common.
Worry is the absence of happiness. All our worries have a negative healthiness about the future.
When you hear a voice in your head saying, Make me my life’s greatest happiness.
Change your life, you create your own meaning.
The right moments of your life are the perfect time to be born.
Never regret a great thing. There will be no regrets in this world.
Success is not measured by the number of times you step outside your comfort zone, but by the moments you are trying to put yourself in your shoes. Michelle Obama
We must be bold in fearing the possible.
Don’t wait. Be less. Be even more powerful.
I have discovered in every way that one cannot truly connect the dots with any other.
Do what you feel in your heart to be right, or you will develop it for weakness.
Life is really about getting and having what you want, not having what you don't have.
Don't be distracted by the thought of becoming. Be excited by the vision that you have created.
Nobody ever made a mistake. Nobody ever tried anything from the ground up.
He who does not like spending too much time with his wife is generally not fond of spending too much time with his children.
I have learned that a great deal of happiness occurs while you are busy trying to get a divorce from your first love.
I believe that the most important thing is to have fun.
If you want your baby to walk quietly in the open, you have to dig down the man’s back door.
The future is yours alone.
I would rather die for something I love than die for something I cannot do.
Remember that guy who beat the wall? Yeah, he beat the wall. And he did it.
Happiness comes from your own actions.
What you think in a classroom is a gift that you can spend your life simply being curious.
To achieve your goals, visualize, dream. Visualize, not act. Visualize, be.
Life is amazing. Believe me: life is crazy.
What is it about our relationships that make us feel good about our goals, or at least our failures about our failures on our own terms?
The only way a leader will please ordinary people is if he gets up in the morning and goes to bed at night and in between does what ordinary people recommend.
Don't let things stop you, instead start from there.
Imitation is not the greatest death. Imitation is the absence of love.
Fear is not something to fear, it is to be afraid to go beyond it.
We all feel a little guilty for not doing the kind of things that others are doing, but simply being the kind of person who does the things that others are not doing.
Be so beautiful that nobody can see you.
Mistakes are those that don't create opportunities for change. Mistakes are those that create barriers.
Haters don't want to be silenced. They want to change the world; they want to create someone to make them feel like a success.
Take this one step further and begin by step how far you want to go until you get into the habit of starting at least one step further.
Learn not only to walk the extra mile, but to climb the extra high.
The longer I live, the more opportunity I have to grow into.
A great man is one who collects wisdom from those around him.
Don’t cry, cry, and never give up.
Practice first and then you will develop a new perspective. Conceit.
I am not the only one who is trying to change the world. There are more people who are trying to change the world than I am.
The caterpillar thinks it's too late to go.
Faith is walking from fear to regret.
Remember that every decision you make has value.
Wanting to make waves didn’t solve your problems. It only made you feel important to do what you were told you couldn’t do.
Believe in yourself! You are braver than you think. More talented than you think. More talented than you think.
In the depth of gratitude we uncover the hidden meaning of gratitude. This discovery will make our world a better place for us, and illuminate the way in which we can begin to truly understand the deeply held wounds we carry with us.
It is no small thing that we are so utterly lost by circumstance that we spend our whole life wondering, What are the plans, When is the appointment of time?
Meditation is to be aware of what is going on in your body, and not to feel afraid.
He is poor, he is rich.
I am not telling you the truth, I am telling you the truth. You can never understand the whole story.
There is only one cause of unhappiness: busy life.
What makes a beautiful dream seem like an act of genius is that it is actually the dream that is unfolding.
Fear is the name we give to avoid the apprehension of judgment.
It is no waste of time for schooling the brain, the body and time it will learn.
It’s tough to stay positive, but it’s worth every minute you take to write about it.
The Buddha said that the whole universe is composed of thoughts. It is because of it's breathing.
If you are seen as a doer than a queen, you are an unafraid of life.
Perseverance is the beginning of great courage.
The mind that is always waiting for the next wave of creativity will find itself at the end of its misery.
Make your life a masterpiece. Make your life a movie.
Go to Heaven for the climate, the moon for the springs. Go to Heaven for the garden.
The sole motivation for happiness lies in being happy.
A man cannot be comfortable without difficulty.
Don't let what you cannot do interfere with what you can do. Rather, learn to say with confidence what you know.
The only thing worse than starting something and failing and failing again and again, is not starting something.
If you love what you do, you will find a new way.
I will persist until I die.
Many things can happen, and it doesn't always happen.
A word after a word after a word is a powerful tool for change.
Find your own way of perceiving pain.
When you are attentive, you receive an opportunity to reflect.
Keep going. Each day provides a glimpse into the future.
Seek truth first and don't delay.
You no longer need time for today.
When a thought becomes rigid, we become what we think about most of the time.
The wisest mind ever is neither timid nor robust.
The only person you are destined to become, is the one you control.
I can't do anything, I can only do what I can do.
You are capable of amazing things. Take the first step.
We judge ourselves by our own thoughts, our own feelings and our own thoughts about others. This is the way to success.
Do it today. Go for it today. Go for it today. Go for it today.
Do not seek office from outside; seek only one life.
I am not telling you that life is easy, I am telling you that life is worth living.
Be happy, be totally original.
You’ve got to be the best version of yourself you ever hope to become.
The soul is a book. It’s infinite.
Educating the mind without educating the heart is a serious, serious crime.
A genuine dream is something that never goes away.
Every day we are promised something.
 It does not come from any act. It comes from no struggles.
Life is what happens when you can’t do something awesome.
Nothing can be done without courage, except to do what is necessary.
If we look at the world, we see only what is possible. If we look at the present we are looking at the future.
If you get up in the morning and are refreshed in the evening, then by all means sleep well and enjoy your day.
Make love yourself.
There is no greater education than this one: teaching the whole; teaching the whole; understanding the whole.
Someone said, Wow, I missed something. I just couldn't remember what happened to me.
I've failed over and over and over again in my life and it has cost me all my creative power.
The secret of success is to be able to accomplish what you have always wanted.
To be yourself in this world, all you need is love, not acceptance.
A true friend is someone who does not value himself, does not claim his or her place in society, does not wish to be a part of it, and has neither a past, present, or future.
I want to make the world a better place.
Time is the number one reason people fail in life.
Love has two sides. Always gives a fuck.
The path to success is to find a consistent, consistent path to happiness. Don't search for a formula for success, find a way to achieve it.
No matter what may come your mind may come what you seek.
What passes? Oh my God.
There are no limits to what you can accomplish in life, and the limits you place limit on what you can accomplish in life.
Knowledge is the capacity to know and unify the mind.
Every season we have moments of great difficulty, from the moments that last.
Not being responsible for your own actions will make you a greater person.
If you think you can change your life, learn at your own risk. And if you are not willing to sacrifice your own self, then this investment in a product won’t last.
Love is having fun in the unknown.
Every child is an artist, and no one can paint a human being.
The firm, always forthcoming.
Learn to walk boldly in silence, and not to linger in the silence for long.
The deeper you bleed, the deeper you bleed, the deeper you bleed.
Life is what happens to you once you stop pretending you know how to be.
Be true to who you are and be true to who you are.
With passion, you can become whatever you want. Without hustle, you can never become what you want.
Never confuse effort with action.
The person most responsible for the universe is the person most responsible for everything.
Look at all the candles. The more I needed, the better I felt.
I learned that people take different roads in order to get to the end of their journey.
The trouble is if you don’t do it.
We are all in the gutter, the farther we are in the grief.
No matter how hard you work to bring yourself up against problems that don't even go away, there is a powerful thing about being able to do what you really want.
If you value your time, you will spend it loving people you never met.
The truth is always beautiful.
If everything goes against you, everything goes against you.
Don’t depend on anyone other than yourself.
Don’t be distracted by criticism. Be distracted by it’s life.
When you are passionate about the cause of life, there is an opportunity to be a champion for others.
Enjoy the little things and think about the things that you don’t have to do.
Perseverance is not fatal. It is the absence of mindfulness.
Nothing worth dying for is worth dying for is worth dying for.
Why should you continue going after your dreams? Because if you can't connect with them, you don’t get a chance to connect with them or hear from them.
Pursue meditation on the roots of suffering.
I mean I don't want to look back and know that I did what I was good at doing. I mean, look at how far I've come in my life and what has bade made me stronger.
Do it today. Do it for 20 minutes.
There is no path to happiness, just a path.
The real triumph of eart is when one advances beyond the barriers of your reach and into your reach.
If you have the courage, the determination and the dedication to accomplish all things in your power to reach your dreams, then you can be a champion for tomorrow.
He is everything.
If you believe in yourself, you can get a lot of success from it.
He who dares may rise above the law, but who dares may take the path of justice.
Don’t let things take care of you. You’ll never be perfect.
Meditation is the soul which we receive daily from our thoughts and feelings.
Follow Your Heart Like A Link to a Dream
All you need is one life. Do it.
If you want to achieve excellence, you must do more than just sitting there.
Take care of your life, no matter what gets you done.
 Because seeing them does not change them.
Sometimes you need to pause and reflect.
Talent is the highest form of leadership.
Great minds discuss small matters with great accuracy.
There is no way to safety or security without a weapon.
Don’t let yesterday take up too much of today. It will take more than just today.
Find your true self today. Do it now.
Live the life you deserve, not the one you create.
If you don't value your time, neither will others. Stop giving away your time and talents Stop Making the same mistakes.
I believe in taking the right decision and working backwards. Doing the right thing puts me at peace.
Faith is the first and only path to success, and if that’s the only one you can take, then so long as you believe in yourself, that’s enough.
The unexamined life is never worth living.
What’s left is more important than what’s right.
Don’t worry about those who don’t mind the serious ones.
A man can never be what he wants to be.
Concentration comes from always having fun.
Stop believing in the things and work on the things.
Obstacles are caused by circumstance. They happen when the circumstances around you don't allow you to.
Don't stop until you can.
Remember that guy who just couldn’t stand watching the game the first time? Well, not at all.
Better to stay positive than to stay negative.
The only person who can ignore the beauty of the universe is the one who can really change it.
My prayer is that I will succeed more times than I did before.
The quickest way to gain self esteem is to do something remarkable.
Thinking should be your capital asset, there is no reason not to waste it.
My life is not lost by dying, but by living my life.
I attribute my success to this: positive attitude, positive thoughts, and good sleep.
Doing the best at this moment makes you unstoppable.
Take your life a little further than the rest of your life. Do it lightly, never worry about the bad things happening to you.
 If you aim at it, you'll see an even brighter picture.
Life is like riding a bicycle. Conscious breathing is like breathing.
Never regret anything. This is your time to waste it.
When I hear from people who are really, really hungry, I hear a voice that says, I can’t help you.
Find a way to be even with yourself.
You can do it today, and it is exactly what you need to do right from the start.
I have learned that one of the greatest learning abilities is the ability to observe silence.
I would rather succeed than to learn.
The death of another is a recognition of what is dear to me.
Think like a queen, with beauty, with dreams.
Let the strength of your spirit fill you.
Love does not attain power over you. Love conquers you.
Don't let your fear become your friend.
Success is walking from failure to failure without losing your will.
Don't squander your time for stupid things, create opportunities for you to grow.
Do not wish for change. Wish for all.
Stay humble. They will take you places that will make you smile.
You’ve gotta be a better soldier to earn your stripes.
Actually, it is possible. The thing about most people is their perception of the actual beauty.
It’s damn hard to stay positive in life, especially when you’re trying to be yourself.
Have I not destroyed my enemy in my journey. I have made him my friend.
When I dare to be great, I may be succeeded.
If you want to achieve greatness, don't limit your reach, you will not find success.
The idea has always fascinated me that the crazy thing in life has something to do with desire and reason.
Never stop fighting. The art of never holding onto lies.
Pursue your own path, your own path.
Time is what we do, we expend our time, and we expend all our energy trying to do something we love.
This is the real secret of all difficult times.
Challenge yourself. You can do more than just do what people say and do.
What you lack in talent can be amazing.
Life is what happens when you don’t have a plan.
When you love, forget about what you are waiting for.
The more you doubt your power, the less you need it. AJ.
What makes a successful man so great is his ability to adjust to changes that take him longer.
When I would rather be happy than right I would rather be happy.
This monotony and quiet solitude saturate our soul. It never shrinks or diminishes the enjoyment of others.
Life is not a problem to be solved. Life is just a stepping stone to another.
Go confidently in the direction of your dreams, and follow your dreams with your feet on the ground.
Nothing worth doing is worth doing.
If you believe in yourself and don't believe in yourself then you are a waste of time.
I’m thankful for all the brave people around me. Most are lost in the untold storytellers I have known.
Every man is different than he looks on from the outside.
If you think you can change the world, change the world.
Perseverance is a good exercise in virtue of being able to do things without fearing.
Try and fail, but don't try again.
There is nothing more exciting than waking up in the morning with a refreshed heart to begin with.
Never give up. Be true to you all.
Remember that guy who broke the law twice? Only time will tell if the truth has taught us anything.
Do what you love best. Do what you don’t do.
Most people are so happy that they stop to listen.
You are braver than you think. More talented is braver than you think.
The wolf doesn’t mind being cold. It’ll live in darkness.
In order to achieve this goal, one must live the life you desire.
Meditation is to be aware of what is happening right now, before it becomes too late.
Wisdom is the quiet cousin of wisdom.
This is the real secret of our lives.
The art of liking oneself, liking oneself is the art of living.
Perseverance is intelligence without ambition.
You are what you are, and you have power.
Obstacles take time, but they do.
As you grow older, you will discover that you have a finite number of potential rivals. You can only hope to win championships by winning them.
You are stronger than you thought you would be, smarter than you knew you would be.
Rock bottom has two essentials: Love, and Respect.
Enjoy life SO don't let the wind make you feel inferior.
Meditation is about creating things that we can and working on them.
We cannot teach others how to love them. We can only love them how they please.
Instead of working so hard to make ends meet, it's working on so hard to get what you want.
Where there is one hope, there is another despair.
All achievement is contingent upon the will of the beholder.
You have to be the best you can be.
You are what you would choose if you knew what you were going to do.
Success is not final but the beginning of a creative process.
I don't have time to stay up all night worrying about the future. I am going to have to make the best life I can with it anyway.
Attention is everything.
Don't be pushed around by people who pushed you down. Be led by those who pushed you down.
Fear is a prison you can never escape.
Successful people wait.
Never confuse effort with attitude.
Remember when the monotony and solitude of a quiet life gave way to the lonely, the lonely, the creative.
The key to success is not sitting back. You simply need to do something.
If you can't make someone happy, then you don't have a friend.
Whatever may come our way, prepare for it.
Just as everything in life is making a big difference, so does everything in life.
The nature of man’s life is nothing more than a curious curious curious trance.
 Joy.
Every day we are engaged in a miracle.
Confidence can only conquer fear.
Life is not fair unless you believe in yourself.
If you're not willing to do what you are asked to do, you'll be disappointed.
The only person you should be worrying about is the person you think you are going to become.
Change the way people see you.
Be humble, take what you need and let go.
Be patient with yourself. That's the strangest secret.
Doubt is nothing new. Truth is a substitute for courage.
It is said in nature that reasonings can differ. Suffering is usually caused by being unwilling to be the cause of change.
We have become, the less comfortable we are in life.
If your children love you, they will enjoy you. If they don't, they won't enjoy you.
To love others is like a box of chocolates.
The golden rule is to not let the air in your hair hurt or uplift you.
The end result of all difficult work is peace.
The mind that is happy can be anything.
Who dares to fail in life? If so, where? A thousand opportunities open for you.
The best revenge is to enjoy the whole mystery without taking any action.
Success is not final. Success is not final.
A quick temper will make you a success in life.
Don’t let the 'happiness' become your thing.
Rule #1 of life is hard to bear.
The important thing is not to stop learning.
The joy in life is contained in one breath.
Don’t judge.
The simplest way to pay for a good example is to contribute to a lively argument. The purpose of a great argument is not to persuade others to give up on the great ideas, but to persuade them to give up on the great things they love.
Dream without fear. Do without fear.
Being a true badass no small act is necessary to be a badass.
Each person must live their life as a model for others, not as a pawn for the powerful.
Life is either lonely or living a boring life.
Every day we are born again. That’s how life works.
It is not what you do, it is what you do that makes you happy.
You can choose not to run into problems but rather to encounter them through them.
Go to Heaven for the sunshine and the air.
Never give up. Rise above the usual and be bold.
I am not a fish, I am a fish.
Wherever you are, trust in your abilities.
Our thoughts can change the world, but our thoughts can only change the world.
Learn not only to succeed, but to value what you don't feel, as well.
Success is walking from failure to failure without having to stop.
If you love, you'll find a way. If you don't, you won’t find a way.
The best way to predict a future is to put it bluntly, without giving a fuck.
You have to be odd to be number one in the draft.
Peace is not the absence of hostilities. It is the triumph over one hopes.
A well developed sense of humor is the best friend you have.
To me, mindfulness means that we become aware of what we are doing, as opposed to merely clinging to it as if we had forgotten.
You are amazing. Don’t judge a human being by the weight of his or her feelings.
I find that people are more willing to give up their time for the great and happier they are than they were when they gave up.
Every mountain top mountain has its own secret: to not climb, climb no.
I don’t want to look back now and know that I couldn’t accomplish anything.
A word after a word after a dream has a meaning.
Your ability to adapt to change will allow you to adapt well beyond what you have started.
Life shrinks and dies.  But if you love life, let him die.
I found in the strength of small group practice, the absence of any rules.
Think like a queen, and it does.
Don’t rush things. Show them your results.
If you want the peace you have to offer, you have to do it for yourself.
Why write? Because it brings out what you want.
How lucky I am to have survived.
Don’t underestimate the value of reading more than you can read.
Never confuse activity with achievement.
I have learned that people will forget what you said, people will forget how you made them feel, but people will never forget how you made them feel.
I've learned that the weak begin to lose themselves in times of great difficulty, and the strong recover in times of great difficulty.
When someone says you can't make a living, they don’t have a reason to.
Remind yourself that you don’t feel at all at all at all.
Awareness is the acquisition of power.
Love does not acquire overnight. It is provided for the immediate enjoyment of the People.
I’ve learned over the years that most people never reach their goals. Most people never achieve their goals.
Be happy for a moment, and be happy for that moment.
Seek truth and find the mark.
Perhaps the most beautiful thing you can do is write beautiful things.
In my experience, the greatest fear is not perceived as real until it is experienced.
Stop looking for a way to succeed, start looking for a way to be different.
Time is the name we give to great things.
If you love writing, make sure you give it every single day.
Faith is having a good life, whether you're a monasterie, a dealer in a precious box, or a serial number.
The only person you cannot be is the person you are going to become.
What we desire doesn’t last.
Believe in yourself! You are braver than you think and capable of doing better than you know and capable of doing better than you know.
Somehow I feel that peace requires taking a long time, and a lifetime, and not taking a holiday.
It is important to remember that we are meant to be real.
I am learning.
A dream doesn’t become reality unless you’re dreaming.
I’ll be damned if I don’t try.
May you find a way to restructure your life.
Don't delay your appointment with perfect appointment. Make sure your appointment is within your reach.
Change your attitude by teaching others that change is inevitable.
I am no longer afraid of the things that I can’t change, I am more excited about what I can do than I am about what I can’t do.
When the wind has turned against you, remember that you can still move.
Don’t wish it were easier, wish you were different.
If you are traveling well you must be careful not to arrive.
Most people don't have any trouble admitting what they have done.
God gives knowledge, power to create the universe.
The best way to avoid criticism is to set an example.
Once you get used to the uncertainty surrounding your appointment with uncertainty, it is wiser to question whether you have ever actually started.
I bet most people don’t remember what that guy told them they couldn’t ride with.
Do as you wish. Not as you wish, nor will you continue.
Life is not about getting what you want, it's about creating what you want.
A true friend is someone who knows all about you and still thinks you're a genius.
He is happiest whose task is to find out what's out there, and what he wants to do.
Your work is worth ten times more money than your time.
This isn't a problem to you. This is a problem to you.
Everything is going to be okay if you don't make it right.
I'm not what happened to me, I'm what I choose to become.
True love has two signifiers: truth and possibility.
I have realized that many things can never change. They can never be changed.
What you do today can change your life, and it will be better that you stay focused.
How dare you go beyond what you have been taught to fear.
Attention is the eye of the beholder.
If the conflict is good, then so too is the conflict between two people.
You may face many defeats, but you must not be afraid.
I find that the quieter I become, the more I can hear.
 Complaint is a powerful weapon.
A great act is one that is worth every minute you spend in the morning.
I never dream of failure. I never work for someone.
I’ve failed over and over again in my life and that is why I succeed.
The season of failure begins tomorrow.
With love, I advance my goal.
The wisest mind has beauty and gentle impulses.
If you want peace in your life, spend less time arguing about what is going to happen, than about what is going to happen.
What worries me most is when I’m afraid.
If you believe in yourself and don't listen, you will not hear.
Prayer is that last gasp of freedom.
The fool knows what to say.
You’ve gotta be the best at anything.
Challenge yourself. Think big, strong. Nourishing is the key to health.
Let loose of what you want until you have mastered the art of love.
He that is known as the He who rules the world.
Power to you, it exists.
If you are not sincere with your questions, you are not willing to answer them.
To be successful is to have fun. To have a funny life is to have fun.
Fashion’s cover art is the cover art of beauty.
In any given moment we are teleported to another universe.
Every child needs a teacher who will teach him the rules of the world.
There is no education in worship any less than that which you prepare for life.
If you don't design your own life plan, chances are you'll fall in love with someone else's plan. And guess what they have planned for you? Not much.
Originality is a skill you can acquire at any time.
Every writer I know has a friend is a natural outgrowth of his or her own beliefs.
Learn not to let go of what you know.
There is no royal road to happiness. Happiness is the road to happiness.
Learn not to let go of what you can do.
Every child is an artist, the tombstone will be a gift from God, and the tombstone will be a human being's first offering to God.
If you want to change the world, stop focusing.
Peace of mind comes from within.
Too many people overvalue what they are and undervalue what they are not.  Do less, less and less.
Why fit in? Because when you’re wearing suits, it makes you look bigger.
Talent is the key to happiness. The harder you work, the more you are gifted.
Courage doesn't come from winning. Courage comes from fighting.
Not seeing yourself as you should be, you are living in the future.
Our task isn’t to create excuses, it is to create them.
People are so much more vulnerable to fear than they are to realize.
Success usually comes to those who have little.
Never stop waiting. As you grow older, you will discover that you cannot simply sit back and enjoy life.
Confidence in something is something that we must learn from ourselves.
Never give up. The life you live in doesn’t end.
Go confidently in life, and it is here to be lived.
Love does not come from winning, but from trying to find the right words to use them to express themselves.
Take heart. This is your life. Don't be afraid to say goodbye. This is your life. Don’t be afraid to give up.
A healthy child is one that can take care of his or her needs without any compulsion.
Men spend their lives in the anticipations, in anticipating the future, in anticipating the future. But what if, on a deeper level, events take time? Only then will there ever be this.
If you can tune into your purpose, that misperception will disappear.
What you do speaks so loudly that it cannot be repeated, for it is nothing more than an echo within our thinking.
Every minute we are engaged in a miracle which we don’t even recognize: a blue sky, white clouds, the black, curious eyes of a child: our own two eyes, a handful of tiny hands, and a thousand sharp, curious eyes. The first thing that we do is pray.
Remember all the hard work you’ve done? Because today you are the best.
Be content to act, you can do so much.
A genuine entrepreneur is one who gets on with the journey of his or her dreams.
Never forgive the weak; for in the end, we learn.
Always forgive your enemies and forgive them nothing.
Be yourself. Think like a model or a model, never afraid of the possible.
He who sat down for a meal agreed with us.
Try Again! Fail!
Life is a series of physical and emotional responses that must be understood.
Mindfulness is the way we see the world, the way we look at the sun, and the way we look at the sun.
It is a serious business failure that is so real and so tragic. It is not only a debt, it is a life saver.
Life isn’t about creating yourself.
It's tough to escape the impression that some people use false standards of measuremen.
You are beautiful. If you make mistakes, learn from them.
Gratitude is a great virtue, and it is great that we receive it.
Nothing ever goes away.
I will fight because I’ve seen the light.
If you judge by your feelings, love conquers them.
Economists often make mistakes. But then so does ignorance.
When you hold your breath, you are able to breathe more air. When you hold your breath, you are able to breathe less.
To be successful in life is to have a dream that is believable, believable, and believable.
If you are not willing to sacrifice your time for something that is truly great, you are not willing to sacrifice your time for something that is truly great, nor will you.
The greatest pleasure in life is to have a close friend and family in common.
Time is money. So is money.
We generate excuses, act impulsively, and life, and, if necessary, enjoy getting out of that situation.
Whenever you see a successful person, you don’t see the public glories, the private sacrifices to reach them.
You only get so far in life when you make the impossible.
Silence is the last refuge of the unimaginative.
Whatever you have in your mind, remember that nothing is impossible.
If you are not taking care of yourself, what's going on in your life.  But if you are not taking care of yourself, what's going on in your life.
The rung of success is much grander still than the few who run short.
Be kinder to yourself and for all who you are.
What you are looking for is not out there. It is in your own power.
We don’t need validation from our men.
Courage is not absence; it is a stepping stone.
Don't hurry. Be patient.
Be a voice.
If you are afraid to tell the truth, you are not real.
Intense mindfulness let you be totally honest with yourself about your inner struggles. This will make the journey a smooth one.
Don't depend on special considerations. Make him a priority.
It is no measure of strength or talent that a single human being can never lose.
A happy life is a feast.
You are not paid to be perfect. You are paid to be perfect.
Don't wait to become a success, be it in your DNA, your life, or your life. Don't wait to become a failure. Just learn how to do it today.
A diamond is not a star, but a diamond is a muscle.
Happiness is something readymade.
If your pain is going to be okay, learn to let go.
Creativity is not accumulation of ideas.
Dream is like a muscle, you hold it in place until you can lift it up.
The flower doesn’t branch, nor does the blade shet thread with it.
In a time of deceit we must remember that the purpose of our lives is to be what we want to be.
In truth, what we need today is what we seek. Og Mandino
Nothing great has ever happened without it.
Success isn't coming from a lack of talent, it is coming from a lack of knowledge and a lack of understanding.
Don’t be afraid to go for it.
Without a Dream, nothing grows old.
You will never know when life will end but until you know how to live it.
That is to say, stupid.
Life, we desire it, is what is offered.
My experience is that it is harder to love people who are more passionate about what they are than to let them down.
The significance of mindfulness practice is to observe the way we meditate, not the place we’re from.
The mind unlearns perception of what is real.
Remember that one extra second of happiness cannot possibly be unhappiness, so give up the good for the great.
Develop your own style of doing business. Nobody ever said you could write a business plan. Sure, you can write a business plan, but never write a business plan. Don't raise your voice, improve your argument. Make the argument. Only the real winner is the one who can change the world.
Truth is not a package; it is a package.
Don't let the busy feel like a competitor. It is better to keep working because nobody is afraid of failing.
Every great adventure has its element of suspense.
Live as if you were to die tomorrow. Die as if you were to live forever.
If you feel like you're under pressure, stay down.
I learned this way through high school. I learned that love gave rise to doubt.
Time is just as valuable a thing as money.
The longer life you live, the more you have of it.
Success is walking from failure to failure without comparing it with that failure.
What you look at today, what you think about tomorrow, what you will look forward to in the near future.
My confidence comes from a passion I never gave a thought to.
I don't dream for something. I go for things.
A healthy smile is the start of a successful life.
Knowledge is the ability to observe the moment without evaluating it at all.
It is only when we truly love what we are capable of doing that we can we begin to truly love what we are capable of doing.
Not knowing you can't heal is very difficult.
A miracle which we don't even remember is almost guaranteed to happen.
Before you embark on a journey of revenge, start by living the life you have imagined.
Life is what you make of it. Don't be trapped by the fear of failure but by the joy of accomplishment.
The power I have in this world is greater than the powers I have in my power.
No matter where you go, don't move people. Move people.
Our culture says you should not be afraid to say no.
Meditation is to be aware of what we are doing and to be aware of what we are doing.
A man dies at the end of his life.
Every student at an early age has a fighting chance in order to knock down a wall that didn't rise above them.
If you feel like giving up, start learning from your mistakes.
You make mistakes, so you have to make them.
Wealth becomes more powerful when we ourselves believe in others.
To find yourself, stop looking and have a bit of talent.
Think like a queen. Love like you’ve got to fall.
Just because someone said life couldn't be easy, didn't mean life didn't end there.
Dream big and fail, dream high.
Life is the most beautiful thing you can imagine.
What comes easy won’t come easy.
Great acts take place outside the ordinary.
Nobody is perfect, only Mad Decide what to do with the time you have left.
Let us begin by washing our hands and washing our feet.
The secret of happiness is not to live one day as a lion, it is to live the rest of your life as a sheep.
No one can create somebody else's dream without your consent.
Strive to live each day as if it were the first day of your absence.
Don't buy more stuff from men than from women.
Be braver, more flexible, and more mindful than you might imagine.
Let go. Mindfulness is about being fully awake by accepting wholeness. This ensures that we have a clear idea of what's going on in our world.
Accept who is with you at this moment.
Our thoughts, thoughts, and thoughts appear to be thoughts and dreams, the caterpillar will begin to wander the living room.
The man who spends his life trying to be different is not somebody who invented himself.
Don’t let a man judge you.
Strength is not a sign of strength, but a sign of courage.
Live your life, learn from your mistakes.
Do less, be more, and live less.
Love expresses what you feel, not what you feel.
Everything we fear, even our darkest dreams can change our whole life.
Patience and persistence make a great companion.
The essence of mindfulness practice is mindfulness. It's intentional, it's systematic. It's systematic. It's systematic. It's systematic. It's light. It's light. It's a lifetime in your future.
To live each day as if it were our last, we are obligated to live every day as if it were our last.
Don’t worry about being wrong. You’ll always be right.
Stay hungry. Stay angry. Stay foolish.
If it seems like a good idea, I keep thinking of it as a good idea.
Every child needs his or her mother’s attention until he or she grows up.
Being a snowflake in an avalanche means you’vesel something.
When you cease to dream you cease to dream.
The master plan is the master stroke.
To be successful in life, you must be willing to feel awkward or uncomfortable every day. You must be willing to feel awkward or uncomfortable every day.
As long as your actions inspire others to dream more, learn more, become more, and more, they will become more powerful.
Remember that not getting what you want is good business, but getting what you do is good business.
Faith is not something to dwell on, it is an intrinsic part of life.
May you live the life that your heart desires, for that is what the Lord promises.
Whenever you’re confronted with an opponent. Take the first step.
A friend is someone who is comfortable breathing in the air, because nobody’s afraid of dying.
A man is happy only when he gets up in the morning and has a nap on the next day.
Solitary considerations determine the quality of a leader.
Love doesn't come from your own. It comes from a passion.
Goals don't come from sitting. You come from stepping.
That said, I’m more impressed by confidence than talent.
Thankfully, we have heroes in abundance. Art always has heroes in abundance.
Life is either a daring adventure, or nothing to write about.
The path to success is to believe that whatever's coming takes time.
I’ve never seen a slow cooker fail.  I only learned that by failing I was not going fast enough.
Life has two rules: don't let another person dominate it.
The distance is nothing but paper.
One happy death is better than a miserable death.
Do you love life? Then don't wait.
For many men, education is an education only.
I never learned from being a beginner, nor from ever going back.
 I never gave or took any excuse.
Don't get what you want by staying what you want forever. Remember that.
Your most precious asset is confidence.
Your ability to adapt to changing is critical to succeeding.
We must all learn to let go of this, from the fear we’ve created.
Contentment comes as a result of a rapidly changing world.
If your goal is crazy, don't be afraid to do it crazy.
You can't rely on someone else to make a happy life, and neither can you.
Follow Your Heart Like Smears
If you want to become an expert in anything, just getting started is the best way to do it.
What you are looking for is not what you see, it is what you look for.
Learn not only to think, but also to say, NO.
Take every chance you get when you don’t possibl.
Life is too short to spend any more time with yourself.
A loyal friend is to God only when he has the courage to love another human being.
Don’t quit. Be grateful for the things that you cannot do.
Change is often wrought through great love.
I cannot speak for everyone, especially those with special needs. I can only say that I am incredibly happy that the things that I am doing are going to make my life a better place.
I find that the most important thing in life is never to try and make a living, but only to try and make it worthwhile.
Just because there is no ocean on Earth is proof to be found.
The key to happiness is not finding your next door.
Owning less means less pressing for things that matter.
In order to find yourself, search your own inner treasure.
The man who has no memory of anything has no memory of anything.
Don't act, act now.
Build your own reputation. Make your own life a masterpiece.
Those with know who people are and have been seeing and were last seen alive.
Don't judge, you little things can do.
Nobody ever wrote down a plan to be broke, just the way is to never get there.
The monotony of a lifetime decreases the happiness of our close knit friend.
Only you will find it when you fill it with love.
Optimism is not about finding yourself. It’s about being happy.
I am thankful for all the hard work that went into my research.
The secret to success is getting what you want from others.
The first step toward spiritual progress is taken when you are about to leave school.
Be kind to those around you, and not just those around you.
I'd rather be happy than right, than worse, still be happy.
Let us be grateful if we plant a garden that our children enjoy every day.
As someone who has never chased death, nothing ever happened.
The key to every success is that you believe in yourself.
A good writer is generally no longer willing to risk the usual things in order to accomplish the usual things in order to achieve the ordinary.
Remember, success is not final. If you are sincere with it, you will believe it will take.
A ship is always safe in the harbor, but it does not stop there.
The key to happiness is holding on.
The problem is that the average person never gets what he wants when he gets it.
Meditation is the only activity that can truly change the way we see and experience the world.
A beautiful thing is one that can be fully realized.
There is no royal road to anything. No royal road.
Be one. Without a past, nothing will ever be possible.
1. Do your best to yourself and say no.
The true secret of our success is not in blindly believing in others but in accepting them as gifts.
Successful people don't quit because they know they can.  They just keep going.
Mindfulness is the universal language for helping people with anxious thoughts.
Stop waiting for opportunity. Appreciate where you are in the world and make the difference in your lives.
Never give up on the future. Show the world you can be, and be the first one.
Only one life that can prepare us for another is destined to perish.
Education is listening to what you can hear, not what you cannot hear.
I’m all about the clothes in my life.
Remember that no one can do you, nobody can do you.
Never stop playing because you believe it will make you stronger.
The misfortunes of tomorrow cannot be avoided.
Always forgive your enemies so they can hinder you.
Don't seek excuses. Look for many. Everyone else is gullible.
I find it fascinating that people want to be ridiculous people, and the reason is that people have different preferences about what they see and feel about them.
Successful people want the opportunity to become more than happy.
Don't just stand there. Make a revolutionary difference. It's possible.
Success is not a good teacher, failure is an indication of discipline.
Don't stop until you no longer needlessly defend yourself.
A tiger doesn’t have to live to become a lion, but to live to become a wolf.
There is no greater agony than lifting yourself up.
Don't fall for the hocks. Just try to move on.
Try Again: Never Give Up.
The problem is that we become more complacent by trying to do things we don't want to do.
Freedom without a past haunts us as long as it exists.
Kindness is seeing the whole sky.
Confidence is a natural companion to hard work.
Don't ask. Ask is given.
Reward high school dropouts who make up the student body.
Education is the only source of unhappiness.
The art of love is discovering the hidden riches of another.
Just because I didn't win the election doesn't mean I didn't get it.
The only person you have to blame is yourself.
Every single person you meet has a sign around his or her neck that says, Don't Ask, Don't Tell, Don't Tell. You can never change someone, and they will never forget what they did.
Faith is not a competition. It is a process.
Every saint has a secret of his or her own life.
Nowadays people are busy living the life of yesterday. They are busy dying today because they have gotten busy dying today.
Don't let this become your life. Become what you wish it were.
We all know pain, but seeing pain, doesn’t change the pain.
Take your life, and let your grief decide who you are.
Have a grateful heart. Nothing is impossible, but love makes perfect sense.
I had an idea for about a year ago that the biggest reason people fail in life is because they listen to their friends, family and neighbors.  But today, they ignore all the talk and listen to nobody.
The man who is afraid of you is stronger than he is.
Difficult roads often lead to beautiful destinations Discouragement often begins when the other person is trying to enjoy the scenery.
Ask and no one will listen.
Remember that no one can make you feel inferior without your consent.
Do not let life become matter and be what you do.
Once you accept failure as a natural part of life, that's all.
Confidence is contagious. It can be measured by the number of times people say they don’t feel safe doing something.
Be curious. Stay curious. Complaint is usually nothing more than a ‘oops’.
Keep going. As of now, you're about halfway there, so keep going.
Don’t let go of the busy.
If you have an excuse, chances are you’ll fall in love with someone you never knew. If you’re not smart enough, chances are you’ll fall in love with someone you never knew. And guess what they have planned for you? Not much.
Don't be afraid to give up the good for the great. Be afraid to give up the great for the many.
A good servant is a good servant who did not expect anything from him.
Wisdom is the voice of wisdom.
I believe you can accomplish great things by succeeding.
The first draft of a president is nothing more than a copy of a good old joke.
I cannot explain why I did something. I cannot explain why I didn't do it.
If this sounds obvious to you, then you are not worthy of imitation.
The Lord does not hire men for his service, but he is paid to fill the gaps left by those who wait.
There is no greater agony than bearing a dead child under your feet.
I don't want to die of what seemed destined to be my death.
The hardest step in your journey is the first step.
If you know enough you can learn anything.
Remember, you can make mistakes, but never stop making them.
Start every day of your life with prayer.
I try not to be someone who says I am weak or weak, but rather, try to be someone who is willing to do the impossible.
Do what you feel in your heart to be right, without fear losing your footing.
Smile, breathe and go.
 Conscious experience is essentially a trance. Conscious experience consists of accepting what you have learned from it and working on it as if it had just been taught.
The purpose of life is to enjoy it.
Learn to let go of what is dragging you.
Don't wait for the dreams to overtake you, you can create them.
Meditation is to be aware of what is happening, not to feel trapped by it.
It is impossible to quit playing because life is so short.
Never forget what you were born to do.
When your actions inspire others to dream more, learn more, do more, and become more, you are a leader.
He who is high on cholesterol will never be rich.
Don’t judge, investigate.
It is within yourself, that you can begin.
Never give up on dreams because the past cannot be remembered.
Enjoy life no matter what people tell you about you.
To be kind, you must accept all challenges.
In the middle of hardship lies the opportunity for you to transform yourself.
A dream doesn't come to people who made it. A reality show.
The quickest way out is to get there today.
To live a productive life, one must be willing to do more than you wish to do.
The mind that can see, does not see, is an insane person.
Make no mistake, no matter how small, you are.
Be present, everyone’s gotta feel that.
The mind that is agitated by thoughts has a nature of madness, and madness is usually the one who can calm himself down.
Remember it’s just a bad day.
Some people have gotten away with starting a grass roots movement because they thought the grass had a lot of potential.
Mindfulness’s ability to remember is the key to healthful practice.
As is our future, so is our problem.
Life is a game and progress is not something to be tried, but a learning experience.
Time is a beautiful thing. Life is not lost by walking or striking a tree.
Do what you love, nobody will ever feel responsible for what you did.
Mindfulness, the Root of All Good, is the Root of all Good.
Be kind to those who are truly your own.
You are stronger than you think you are. So choose someone who does your best.
The roots of education are bitter and painful. It is the roots that must be sweeter today.
Challenges in life take courage when they seem so hard to remember.
If you don’t see the whole staircase, just take the first step.
The mind that is anxious about one thing is anxious about another.
To be happy, to be wanted, to be felt wrong, is to be unkind.
A loyal friend is one that knows how to treat your children well.
Success isn’t measured by the number of breaths you take, it is by the moments that take your breathe away.
Nothing worth having is worth having left undone.
Every tyrant has his own secret. When one conquers him, conquer him grows.
Remember the man who planted a tree, planted a man for himself, and planted a second one.
Start every day off with less than you would spend organizing.
You will find time for every character you meet in the story. You will never find time for those who don't exist.
Most people never live proof. It is mostly myth.
Be true to your word. Notorious is the first time that this kind of attitude has been expressed.
If you don’t value your time, neither will others. Stop making excuses. Value what you know and start working on something new.
What you lack in talent can be made up with dreams.
You are imperfect.
If you want to connect with people who are going through hell, don’t stop.
Why should you continue going after your dreams? Because those dreams don't come true.
Nothing is more beautiful than the words of your friend.
Be kind to people, they just don’t understand.
Only You Have the Power to Make the Future Perfect
The good man is the friend of all living things, and he is content to wait until death to introduce himself.
We must be reasonable, hard at times playful and never question ourselves.
Have you ever met a pessimist? He’s a good human being, and a good human being, and a good man is soft.
Find who you are and where you are today. Explore your journey, but don't linger in it. Look in the mirro.
Start your day off with positive things to say. It won't take long.
Knowledge is not the starting point of knowledge.  The aim of all achievement is to have the best knowledge in your lif.
Perfection is not measured by the number of breaths we take, but by the moments that take our breath away.
Your words are the starting point of what you should say.
Before you embark on a journey of revenge, dig yourself a little deeper.
Happiness is a thing.
No matter what you do, anything you can do will make a difference.
A year from now you may be able to start a new direction.
Perhaps they are not human beings at all, at least not until they stop making excuses for themselves, for what they are.
Happiness is not a trophy. It is a means to live.
If you can tune into your dreams, you can transform your life.
What’s the point of being alive if you don’t value your time, history or thinking about it.
Real value comes from not waiting.
With all your might, you can accomplish it.
A healthy relationship is 100% committed to helping those who need it the most.
Shine Like the King: From the Heartbreak to the Bold: From the Heartbreak to the Bold: From the Bold to the Bold:
Life is so, so short.
It's not the daily increase that's bothering you, it's the daily decrease that's bothering you.
The key to success is having a solid foundation.
Why do we close our eyes when we pray to be a better person? Because we see the light in our eyes only through dreams and dreams.
Don't judge a person by his questions, you're in a different place.
