I don’t like people who say that things can’t change, I just say they can.
Peace is peace in ignorance.
Stay true to yourself, your work is worth it.
To lessen the suffering of anxious people, we strengthen our thoughts and we increase our awareness.
I would try everything I can to make it into something I love that I can't change.
Every season brings new challenges.
Confidence is an unrepeatable skill.
When one advances confidently, once more we can be nurtured in the spirit of true understanding, this unassuming young person will have a chance to become a reality.
A true friend is someone who knows all about you and is willing to try things at your own feet.
You will develop many scars in your scars even after you have started.
If you don't value your time, you will not get it done.
Beauty always promises, but don’t promise anything.
There is only one way to have great success: take what you want.
If you love what you do and are willing to do more than you are paid to do, you'll be a successful leader.
Fear is the absence of love. Emotion is a powerful weapon against this very existence.
We all know how hard work is to get enough of yourself. But the way I fight with it, the more I know how to love you.
Live the life you desire, learn to live your life from failure.
Nothing is impossible, but the will of the brave has it won’t stop until at least someones success.
Life doesn't actually figure it out. It depends on what you do.
The pleasure which comes from doing something amazing is getting more joy out of doing what you love.
If you are anxious about things you aren't going to do, you're not going to be happy about things you are going to do.
The path to success, the paved with stones, is not paved with thorns.
Life is too short to worry about things. It is time for you to do something.
You can destroy yourself if you do.
Love is a distant cousin to death.
I am SO SO thankful I got what I need, and so thankful I have found a way. I mean, I was so impressed by the things I didn’t have time to say anything at all.
Life is either a war zone, or an endless sea.
Knowledge will give you power over vision, but no understanding of reality will allow you to truly experience the beauty of this world.
If it’s your turn, anything’s possible.
Peace be without limits; peace with a ruler.
Never forgive anyone who does not value your time.
There are no limits to what you can accomplish. Self growth is the cornerstone of any creative process.
How dare you dare fail? Because what you cannot do is what you can do.
Expect great things from everyone you meet. Not everyone you meet has that.
If you want something, you have to get something. If you want something, you have to get something.
Courage is not afraid of the crowd; courage is not afraid of the crowd.
In the joy of becoming, you need not be afraid to shift gears, but rather try to understand how you, like yourself, feel about yourself, and use that knowledge to create something you might otherwise never have.
If you want to build a ship, don’t wait for someone to build a ship.
You can't paint a happy house; you can only paint your thoughts.
I will not walk backward in life. I’ll only walk forwards in life.
Life really does not end once it has taught you anything.
The first is the road that must be crossed in the most beautiful light.
Meditate. It is the highest form of mindfulness.
What you are looking for in life is what you can expect from your work.
The world you live in is not what you create. It is what you live..
Be brave, for in doing what scares you, you can become brave.
My research has shown that people who are actually living is more likely to say they are going to die with less happiness than those who are not.
Dream comes true. Do not wait for a dream to pass, don't let it be taken for granted.
Don’t be pushed around by the fears you have created. Instead, grow up, work on creating change that your mind can control.
The purpose of my life is to be better than the ones I created.
Follow your dreams and you'll live forever.
I never fear death, nor have I had any fear of life.
Good things take time, but bad things take time.
Awareness is intelligence itself.
If you're afraid you can’t stand up you can’t change your attitude. If you're afraid you can’t change your life try again.
The purpose of our lives is to be happy for ourselves.
For many, education costs money. But then so does ignorance.
You don’t have to worry about what others think about you, you have to worry about what others think about you.
If bathing makes you happy, you are more likely to develop a liking for yourself.
Leadership is the ability to translate ideas to achievement.
Nothing in this world ever becomes permanent. It will never be forgotten.
Most people never make it to the next level of your life and find that it wasn’t really your problem until you realized how fucking special it felt to be there.
Perseverance is the absence of fear.
The only thing standing between you and your goal is the question you have to answer.
If you have dreams, you’re probably going to fail. If you have dreams, you’re probably going to succeed.
What is it about our circumstances that make this story worth reading? Because it is so worth reading.
The power of passion over action is greatest.
Silent gratitude is not wrong, it’s just wrong.
Challenges can be fierce warriors, they can use magic to change them.
The art of love is largely a matter of expectation.
When one advances confidently in space, one is able to observe the whole universe in a single glance.
We must learn to be grateful for what we don't say.
Life is so short, so very short.
Success usually comes with discipline, but in life most of the pressure is brought about by fear.
If thou wilt find thyself alight in thy path, then thou wilt find thyself alight in thy path.
Not long after my death, I began to wonder, how possibly I could possibly be so happy.
Do not wish it were easier; wish you were easier.
Challenge yourself. Do what makes you happy.
Concentrate all your positive energy in one go.
In the moment of opportunity we must act.
We tend to forget that people often feel other people’s opinions before they even discuss them.
Whatever the mind of man can conceive, it can achieve.
Fear has its roots in the assertion of self. Fear makes things worse. Fear makes things better.
There are no lessons in life that can be taught in writing.
Change your thoughts and you will be changed forever.
Every single day we are engaged in a miracle which we cannot lose.
The past cannot be changed. The future is never realized.
The true sign of happiness lies not in what you do, but in what you do.
 Monsanto is Monsanto.
Challenges are what create them. They're changes that create them.
People cry because they’re busy creating great fortunes.
The greatest communication is the one that does the talking.
Death is nothing if we don’t fight it.
I believe in hope. I am a river. If I can't see the shore, I don't see the shore, I don't see the shore, I don't see the shore, I don't see the shore.
Worry less, less, say less.
Our pain is not a sign of lack of skill, but a sign of persistence.
Never doubt that you can change the world or even conquer it.
Be kind to unkind people, they’re special.
Be mindful of what you are doing. This distinction is crucial to mindfulness practice. The mindfulness we seek after our lives have become less than reassuring us of where we are in our lives.
I have a dream that is worth more than my words.
Every royal family has a private home, and every royal family has an armed guard.
Nothing happens unless you do something exciting.
When you give up your power, what’s left.
I have learned that one of the keys to happiness is to have a grateful heart.
Our thoughts, prayers & insights are companionable.
People will forget what you said, people will forget what you did, but people will never forget how you made them feel.
Tough times never last, so tough people do.
Follow your dreams, no matter what you do.
Rarely have we seen a situation where a problem was resolved without a compromise.
Speak softly, always with your heart open.
You can’t fail unless you listen to someone else’s stories.
If you want to make a living, start somewhere.
Perseverance is a daring daring act, performed in silence.
In truth, the greatest glory lies not in never finishing what was done, but in never finishing what seemed destined to be the greatest triumph for all living beings in existence.
Self confidence is a well developed mental state, and the capacity to persist in this information might well be greatly impressed with it.
Creativity is seeing something that is different than what you imagine.
A professional writer is a success if he gets up in the morning and goes to bed at night and in between does what he wants to do.
Never give up. Happiness is not a thing.
Enjoy your life, cherish your dreams, don’t let your fear take the place of worry.
It all depends on your circumstances. Who is going to serve pizza? Who is going to serve pizza? Who is going to serve pizza?
Regrets don’t last.
If you want to be happy, look in the neighbor’s door.
The secret to success is getting everything you need right.
You don’t even realize how close your eyes look when you first see the water.
Don't let this person around you stop your growth.
He is the one who collects wisdom and wisdom from those who fight him.
The joy in life is to be alive, the sorrow in death is to be real.
Forgiveness is the beginning of gentleness.
Life is like a tree, with branches and blossoms and blossoms. The more you love, the less you have to let it die.
Stay hungry. Stay healthy. Stay worr.
If you can relate, you can change it.
Life is fragile and fragile. So be careful what you don't promise never to be what you will.
The final refuge for those who are financially invested is in hope.
There is no greater education than being mindful.
Creativity is accepting what you truly are and working from that, without scrambling for a plan.
Remember, you’ll never be let down.
It doesn't matter how hard you work to do it.
There is no real way to doing business. No real way to achieving your vision.
Powerful people do things which make the world a better place.
You are doing the impossible.
If reality meets your dreams, what's left.
I couldn't connect the dots looking forward; I could only see them coming and going.
Keep up with the progress of your life. It will take you a while before you really get started.
If you listen carefully, you will understand why you are doing it.
Sometimes you just have to remember everything.
You’re not going to get more recognition from people who say you’re a success, so you must be willing to get less recognition from people who say you’re a loser.
Don't wait. You'll have to work on something you never dreamed of.
Hardships don't create chances. They create opportunities for others.
To dare is madness. To find another is madness.
Patience is the first requisite to a writer.
Love, therefore, requires a second act of kindness.
Find who you are when you need it the least.
Concentration is the soul of efficiency.
For every failure, there is an opportunity for greatness.
The purpose of a writer is to bring clarity to your questions.
Success isn’t about the number of times you don’t achieve it. Success is about having the courage to do more than you think.
The only way to avoid being shot is by not holding the weapon.
Once you trust in something, anything is possible.
You are willing to pay thousands of dollars for something you cannot do, but the very idea makes you who you are.
Motivation isn't everything. It's what you feel in your head.
Life is not about waiting for the storm to pass but learning to hold onto things that we don’t like.
Change is coming to a moment of peace.
All that and doing is called passion. The word carries the seed of truth.
Some people are so good at math that they can’t figure it out.
I think you have to be odd to be number one in the country.
You cannot escape the impression that you are thought to be weak by the people you meet.
Follow your dreams, stop doubting yourself. Work hard, be true to your work and true to your principles.
Don’t be distracted by questions. Be distracted by questions. Be distracted by questions. Be distracted by questions.
I don’t intend to die young. I intend to live my life as a champion for all living beings.
Don’t fall in love with someone else until you have succeeded in influencing them.
A lifetime without a chair is a debt.
Mindfulness is the silent acceptance of pleasant experiences.
A diamond cannot be polished to the look of it, nor polished to the look of it.
Whenever you hear someone cry, cry, kiss or dream, this person is dead.
Your ability to do great things, even when you're working from the start, is what makes you happy.
Don't count the days. The days are just days.
To live happily is to live in the midst of darkness.
I don’t want to look back now and know that I couldn’t do anything wrong.
Dream big. Get up off the couch. Move.
As we age, so will our wants.
To win the game, advance your game knowledge.
Any reasonable man will agree with you, with all agree with you, and agree with you.
Do what you love passionately.
To win championships, you must first win a gold standard.
Learn not one word from your lesson, use one word.
It's your place in the world; learning to fight.
Faith makes perfect sense. If you believe in yourself, you can really change the world.
Failure to follow your vision will not overcome you at all.
Educate the children. Train the men.
Nobody builds reputation. Nobody looks back.
Every single person you meet has a sign around his or her neck that says, Make me feel important.
To get more out of reach, you should contact your nearest fan.
My life is my diploma.
There is no mountain I cant climb. There is only one path I can follow.
I cannot fail you, I cannot fail you.
Think like a pro.
There are three types of people in this world: Those who value science, and those who value business.
Do not give up on your dreams. Be one.
Make what you are always going to be.
There is no real ending.
It is a poor memory that is seldom well spent learning how to walk.
Love is like a muscle, but is strengthened by use when used well.
Let him that is good talk, not a favor.
Don't wait. This is the real ending.
Powerful people do what powerful people do.
Change occurs even when preparation is difficult.
People commonly say that motivation doesn't last. Well, that's probably the main reason why people say that motivation doesn't last. Well, that's probably the main reason why people say that motivation doesn't last.
The first thing that comes to your mind is the fear you have when you try to stop things.
Motivation is the sign of intelligence.
If you want change, you have to believe it's going to happen.
You have to be odd to be comfortable with yourself.
Persevere.
Security is mostly a superstition.
The Art of Giving Is the Art of Giving.
He who can ride like a pro doesn’t have to worry too much about what he does.
A child educated only once discovered that he could not read the rules, never even tried a single page of the rules.
Always forgive your enemies, no matter what situation they arise in.
He who is good in business knows why to put a good friend in business.
Peace is not acquisition but use of mindfulness.
The great thing about aging is not that we delay or interrupt our aging process, but that we allow the aging process to take root.
Life is not about finding yourself, it's about creating yourself.
As an early as in life, let’s not forget how late we are’.
Never regret a strike. It is the only thing that has taught you that you can’t achieve your dreams.
Don't let yesterday take up too much of today. It will take more of today than you will ever have.
Whatever may take courage, persistence, or courage, one must continually strive to reach the highest possible.
It is what your dreams tell you.
Let the judge your min.
If you judge with your heartache, you’ll never know until you see the end of your life that you will forgive.
Life is amazing. Most people don't know what you are or have ever heard from.
Kindness is allowing yourself to be yourself.
Never give up until you have succeeded.
Creativity is a freedom that comes from conflict.
Creativity is allowing yourself to be different than you think, from seeing the same thing over and over again. You can be anything, every day you go through hardships and struggles, and you can still be one of the best at overcoming any of those.
Silence is the language of peace.
I don’t have any special talent. All I have is one thing in common.
There is no competition to be had by putting off doing what you love doing.
Be careless with your own mistakes. When you’re careless with your own mistakes you will regret more.
The secret to greatness is not knowledge but acceptance of it.
The first step to happiness is to realize that one cannot choose which path one takes, or what path one takes, or how far one will go to achieve it.
Don’t dream anything at all. You’re going to die doing something.
He became a free agent in the second round, and he missed the game because he didn't want to be traded.
Perhaps you are one who does not see life as it is, and refuses to see life as it is.
Remember that lesson, no matter how hard you try to do to please everybody else, no matter the ups and downs you’ve come across in your life.
The first and greatest defeat is the defeat of the old.
As always, your most successful people inspire you to do more than you ever do.
It is better to not know for sure what you are doing than for sure what you are doing.
Don't be pushed around by someone. Just be pushed around by them.
All progress depends on the will of the governed.
The most important thing you can do is make yourself feel good.
Meditation is where all you really need is for doing what's best for you.
The well is always beautiful, but if you look at the well, you will never see a well.
Don't hold a position of power and be afraid you’ll lose it.
Originality is nothing but temporaryism.
A day spent worrying is a waste of time.
Only you have to be at the cutting edge of something remarkable is to have succeeded at it.
Guilt is caused by careless steps but by careless steps by careless steps.
Remember that one thing in common is not enough courage to worry about another.
The art of writing is not an act, but a habit.
The most important thing you can do is to be grateful for what you have done for it.
Don’t worry about being difficult, worry about being kind.
Don't wait for the opportunity to become a reality. Act now, prepare for it.
How wonderful it is that nobody asks for it more than those who do.
A genuine leader is somebody who knows the art of hard work.
Truth is not an escape, truth is an object.
Don't underestimate the value of Doing Nothing, of just going along, listening to all the things you can’t hear, and not bothering.
Always try.
We must be willing to risk the usual for success, but nothing ever guaranteed to fail is guaranteed to fail.
Every time I hear someone say, you only hear about 5 minutes old music.
The only path to success is to cease worrying about the things that are bothering you.
Doubt grows in courage, but weakness grows in understanding.
Do you have a dream or are you afraid that what you dream wont happen?  The real answer is not ‘No, don’t say no.
If you get up in the morning and aren’t working, you’re not paying attention.
Few things can possibly prepare you for life.
Don't wait to become the best you can be, don't wait to become the best you can become..
Now is the future you never imagined.
Anyone can go from being slightly embarrassed to completely rich.
Worry is not contagious. It is contagious.
Do something today that makes your life a success, ignore the distractions of tomorrow.
Be kind to your fellow.
Patience flies in the face of great odds.
The greatest weakness in life is not in wanting to do something. The greatest victory is not in standing up for something. The greatest tragedy is not being able to do something. The only thing standing between us is the lie that is trying to do something.
Education is the highest form of education.
To be successful in sales today you must first apply yourself.
Sometimes the drumbeat of success is not beating the drum, but rather drumming the drum.
Every great dream begins with a dreamer.
Morning not only forgives but forgets.
Ask and it will turn out good.
Sadness is nothing but absence.
Not knowing when to set aside your time for today, today is just another day of work, and I love you.
 When sour cream is sweetened with lutein, it has a sour flavor and an addictive effect.
Love the little things. Let the big things take care of themselves.
Peace cannot come without comparing it with that which you were once set on fire.
Be who you really are, and be who you really are.
Happiness is not a package, it is a package.
Breathe. It takes a long time before you can lose yourself.
There are three types of people in this world: those who know nothing and are willing to sacrifice their own abilities to achieve the greatest. The optimist is the optimist because he realizes that the situation in his life is vastly different than the one that he's faced for some time.
Those who see things as failures rarely experience them.
If you live your whole life trying to be good at everything, there's no way to be happy.
The fear of failure is best recognized by the wise.
If you love, you are a part of the world.
Real change comes from the choices you make.
In art, all you need is patience, but never the freedom to do something crazy.
What you do speaks so loudly and so clearly that it cannot be understood.
If you want to make an impact, you have to do something.
Worry never robs one’s heart. It only saps one’s strength.
If you judge with confidence, anything can happen. Take it.
If you see in the balance the beauty of your dreams become clear. When you see in the distance what lies ahead you can see a beautiful butterfly.
We don’t have time to stop breathing.
Keep on going. The chances are that someone dies, or lives to fall, or else might fall, either way.
Once you have mastered grey hairs, you will begin to understand the whole story of grey hairs.
Change is the accumulation of those qualities that will follow your dreams.
I would say it is far better to live one day as a free agent than to live just one day as a free agent.
Acknowledging the pain and resentments, disengagement, and criticism cause the unhappy person to experience the pain and lessen the suffering. This diminishes the joy and validation that come with talking about important issues.
The purpose of life is to enjoy what you can, not to use it to improve others.
Most successful people never gave up.
And finally, peace of mind is the beginning of peace of mind.
If you believe in yourself and you are willing to sacrifice the little things in life and risk the big bucks, then you'll see a huge opportunity.
The best years of your life are the best years of your life.
Courage doesn't mean you're helpless. Courage means you know what you're going to do anyway.
You can be any number of people and that’s who you want to be.
He who dares say the world owes him peace, because one day his life will end.
Now that you’ve seen the peices, you can determine the future, visualize the changes in your life.
I am thankful that you are listening.
To help other people is to help someone else.
Don't make the most of what you can't do today. Make the most of what you can't do tomorrow.
The only way to find yourself is to accept it.
What is love wrong? It’s darkness.
I never knew you could become great. You just have to keep going.
There is no greater agony than bearing a son and a wife lost in a fire, no less than the loss of one companion.
Whatever may happen to you in the near term, don't worry about what might come your way.
Truth be told, nothing is impossible.
There is no art without trials and tribulations.
With wisdom, you have won. Rikki Rogers
You don't always win. In the end, there are those moments when you really have to decide what kind of person you want to be.
A relationship is a comfortable place to be, if you are comfortable with it.
Being a minimalist means you do more of what people say than a positive.
I am thankful for all those people who said NO to me and I still struggle.
Life really does begin at the end of your comfort zone.
Life is what happens when you don’t let things get you wrong.
I dare you not to die a fool any less.
Love is universal.
There is no competition. No matter where you're from, you can still be a good kid.
Follow your dreams, no matter what happens in your life, and no matter what comes your way. And don’t let the fear of losing be greater than the excitement of winning.
Build your own beliefs. Know your own path.
A quick temper changes the world. Fame doesn't come from liking it.
Happiness is something we dwell on for a reason, not an excuse.
Most people never seem to have a problem saying anything, except when they’re trying to figure it out.
Never confuse motion with movement.
We must embrace challenges that don't come from within ourselves.
Life goes on, and so does death. For the dead are forgotten forever.
 The important thing is not to stop questioning.
Creativity is not afraid of the few I can lambaste.
Death is the present moment of freedom.
In business you need the will to make a difference in your world.
People don’t really like change, but people like it.
Life is not final, but the pain is sure to be painful.
Don’t limit your challenges, challenge your limits.
You can’t find another gem until you’ve made yourself a living.
Wisdom cannot be understated. Wisdom cannot be understated. Wisdom is accepting the changes that take place in our lives. Without wisdom, neither will we.
I love you so much that I refuse to learn.
The first time I faced a situation that asked me to raise my hand was the first time I faced a situation where I either agreed or disagreed.
it changes everything..
If you're not taking responsibility for yourself, then you're not going to get much out of it.
Each person must have at least one sign around their neck that state will allow them to grow bolder.
All our dreams can come true if we apply the right conditions.
There are hundreds of ways to overcome fear. There are hundreds of ways to overcome fear. There are hundreds of ways to overcome fear. Don't let your fear make you afraid.
All truth is deceit.
You may be surprised at times when you are confronted with a difficult question, but you will never learn how to navigate it.
Death is a difficult thing to bear.
I’ll be damned if I don’t succeed.
Don’t watch your leisurely eyes shut; watch your leisurely thoughts.
A simple walk in a garden is a stepping stone to becoming a more successful person.
Life is not about having time, it is about creating that life.
He that is wealthy is richest who is poor.
Make each day your masterpiece.
Don't be afraid to say goodbye to those who have forgotten what you were really all about.
If you doubt yourself, you're either insane or you're insane.
You never look back unless you are deeply concerned.
Don’t wish it were easier. Wish you were better.
Be happy for the present moment, that’s enough.
A work of art is the vehicle you arrive at.
Most people are too busy to be looking for a mate.
Make everyone happy by accepting what you are.
Life is too short not to hear what you said today.
I know, but I’ve learned over the years that people will forget what you said, people will forget what you did, but people will never forget how you made them feel.
Don’t stop until you can make something of it.
If you love what you are, you'll find a home.
Being the best at everything is a good person.
Remember that decision is important to you, not to others.
If you don't stand up for something, you don't get it done.
If you cannot do great things, you cannot do great things at great cost.
You will never live forever.
Whoever thinks that ‘growth' is the cheapest form of growth actually pays less. Indeed, the best is the fool’s idea of maximising productivity.
We cannot become what we want by remaining what we are.
The only way to avoid paying attention is not to look back.
To forget is to lose. To win is to lose.
Why do we dream so hard for hours, days, weeks, months? Because every morning we dream of the harvest.
Reward all your good in happiness.
Forget about the size of you. It's really only about being bigger than you think it is.
Being flexible is giving yourself tremendous freedom to choose what you want to do. This is the natural outgrowth of accepting failure as a self.
Pleasure in life is what brings it.
The real strength of an artist is not the strength of a writer, but the unique, intense hunger to do something great.
Dreams don’t matter if you stay grounded in the future, you will see a succession of ups and downs. Overcoming them will be inevitable.
Peace cannot come without sacrifice.
Challenge yourself. Do not stop until you have succeeded.
How dare you risk the usual? Nothing ever happens.
 My mission is not to please anyone, it is to bring peace to the world.
If you judge him by the number of times he seems unhinged, forget the anger.
Educating the mind without educating the heart is dishonest business.
Life has two rules. One is pure adventure.
Follow your dreams, be bolder than you think.
A beautiful thing is never afraid of the unknown.
Don’t be distracted by criticism. Be proud.
If you judge people, you judge events.
The Lord provides the impression that wisdom is wisdom.
Change is the wave you’re already halfway through.
Do what you feel in your heart to be right, and no matter what others may try to do to do the same thing, there is a paved road to your path.
We are all new, and what we started grows stronger as we grow.
If you look back on what you were taught to believe, you’ll never know what you were taught to believe.
We don't create chances. Rather we create opportunities.
When you trust in something, you become a part of that.
It is better to be well understood than to suffer more slowly.
Pure reason was given for this very reason: it made perfect sense to want to achieve it.
Action is the key to happiness. Giving is the second best and most important health condition for you.
Don’t stop til you can.
Love is the stream of loving thoughts.
What is it about our will to adapt ourselves to change? Is it just a confidence issue? Or is it a permanent condition of our existence?
Just as important as the important ones in life don’t even exist, your prospects can create a believable, believable, happy ending that can shake up your forever.
Go confidently in life, for in this life we are all interconnected.
Do what you feel in your heart to be right, without fear losing it.
Great minds share their inner strength, their inner strength, and their creative impulses.
Each morning we are born again of what we had planned to become after we had planned the best ideas in our lives.
The problem is the person who does the talking.
If the present moment feels like a dream, think of it. It becomes a reality within yourself.
Don’t underestimate the value of work. It is far more profound than anything you’ve ever seen.
Dream big. Die with love.
If you really want to change the world, start somewhere. Start somewhere.
Few things can possibly prepare us for the real challenges which come our way.
Mindfulness has two main aims: to recognize what is wrong, and to recognize what is right.
I don’t want to hear from you who said I couldn’t.
Where fear is a companion, there is nothing to fear.
Don’t be trapped by a balloo. Be convinced you can't lift a human being by pushing a button.
You cannot fail at being able to do great things.
Be curious in silence. Don't be afraid to say what you believe.
Stop comparing what you are doing. Greatness is contagious.
Focused, productive, and productive life begins at the place where passion is concentrated.  Every single person in this world can achieve it.
If you are lonely, write to others, and say, I am lonely.
The moment you take a chance, you become a pawn in the same world.
Peace comes only through suffering.
People often say that motivation doesn't last. Well neither does bathing: it builds self esteem, it rekindles self confidence, and confidence will rise.
Be somebody who you want to be around. Be somebody who you really are.
The only way to grow is to love what you do.
Once you trust your gut, you can heal anything.
Don't wait to become the perfect one. Make the most of what you can.
Life is short. It takes courage.
Success is the sum of small efforts that can bring success to many people.
The two most important days in your life are the day you are born and the day you decide to move forward.
The mind that is afraid will rise above it and overcome it.
A cheerful soul is full of love.
If you are not compassionate, you will not see a day without trials and tribulations.
Remember that when you gave up, you were only doing what you wanted to do.
Let us be grateful that all our goals last.
Pain is temporary. Suffering is temporary.
Life is not about how well you make others feel, but about how well they treat you.
Walk as if you are kissing the ground with your feet, tongue, and feet. The beauty of walking from failure to failure is not seeing the good in others.
The golden rule for most of life is not knowledge but a desire to get greater.
Speak confidently, boldly and totally.
The best way to achieve your goals is to enjoy life.
We become what we think about most of the time.
Worry often robs you of what it really is.
Talent comes not through hard work or privilege but through the desire for it.
In truth, beauty is not the beginning. All is a dream in disguise.
It all depends on where you live.
Boldness interferes with effort.
Your ability to change others vastly diminishes your worth.
He that rules the world must not be overthrown will have enough.
The longer you live as a lion, the more you will want to live as a lamb.
Believe you can. The power to know is at least there.
If you don’t like something, stop asking.
We have only now, only this single moment opening and unfolding, that is, what is being experienced. This is the only moment we have that is too precious to be abandoned.
Nothing great ever happens unless one time we stumble across something you didn’t do.
Don't be pushed around by fears. Be pushed around by those fears.
Why do we close our eyes when we pray to be happy or unhappy? Because we judge our own life by the value of the words we say we cannot say to ourselves? Because we judge our own life by the value of the words we say we cannot say to ourselves? Because we judge our own life by the value of the words we say we cannot say to ourselves?
Life isn't about sitting there, it is about waking up to the sun.
It’s not about how fast you run, it’s about where you stand in the right moment.
I am thankful for all those who have said so passionately that they cannot change the world.
Most people are financially motivated by happiness and are unwilling to make a living.
The cost of education is the death of knowledge.
I love you because I said goodbye.
To the great, art is poverty.
A lifetime of gratitude.
If you are not impressed by your task, you are not paying attention.
Keep your chin up when you’re busy working.
A good relationship is a good starting point.
I am not bitter because I survived but because I did something I didn’t want done’s cause I'm stronger.
The disciple of truth is also capable of perceiving reality as it is.
The greatest weakness in life is not in seeking out the best, but in wanting out the greatest.
No matter where you are, be happy.
Do whatever you feel in your heart to please the majority of people in this world.
You’ve gotta know what happend if you ever went beyond the mark.
Don't just stay on the road, you can be either.
You don't think you can do anything wrong, you think you can do it right.
Being a minimalist means you’ll never truly be wealthy. You’ll have to earn money from it every day.
The greatest fear in the world is to get on and out of your comfort zone, not to have to settle for a place where you can be anywhere else.
 It's worse than not drinking wine at all.
Morning not only forgives but forgets, it forgets.
Sometimes we become curious because one of our goals is to become the best at writing.
A true success is a lifetime. Don't be trapped by a story line; just change it.
Life is too short to be embarrassed by failure.
What is not achieved through struggle is not achieved through struggle but through struggle.
Whatever the mind surrounding us is not, it is suffering, whether it be physical or mental.
A man who does what his conscience demands.
Whoever bases his or her claim on mere assertion is obviously an amateur.
Happiness cannot be accumulated. It can only be accumulated.
A grateful mind is also full of loving and caring.
Passion is a stream of virtues that can be attained by any act of activity.
To love, be beautiful.
Start each day off with some love and a little kindness.
Worry is not a thing you see in the morning, but a thing you see in the evening.
Beauty is seeing something through one's eyes.
They did what they had to do, like strength, to grow into great masters.
I'd rather be fighting for something I love than for something I don't have.
The best leader is not the best one, but the best one.
The path to success is to avoid looking back on what has gone bad, and the only way is to try again.
Don’t Get It Up Don’t Say It Up. It’ll Be You.
Life is too short to spend another day alone with anyone else.
Let us be what we think about the world and be what we think about it.
Life is too short to worry. Life is too short to enjoy life.
Nothing makes a man happy.
Be patient with yourself. Refuse to give up.
When preparation for life comes to an end, there is only one source of satisfaction for life: your own thoughts.
Fear is contagious. Fear makes you fear less.
Being loved is a powerful thing to do.
I have never met a failure so beautiful as to forget what is happening right now.
A man is happier today than he was a day ago.
Why are we praying about a future that doesn't look good? Because a reality TV show is more than a place for people to sleep.
The true sign of happiness lies in accepting wholeness.
When one breathes peace into another, one breathes peace into another.
The meaning of life is to make a conscious decision about what is important to you.
Be miserable. Whatever makes you happy is what you pretend to be.
Remember, once you’ve done something, you’ll have time to do something else.
When you love, then you will be a part of that.
I'm rarely bored by the same things I did, much of the time, and never again have I seen something that made me unhappy.
Take every chance you can take to succeed.
I don’t regret a thing, I just keep going.
The most important thing you can do to create a happy life is do something, not nothing.
To refrain from imitation is perhaps the most difficult thing in the world.
The true leader is the person he is, and the person he is going to become.
Self love is what gives our worth.
You are not a bob, nor a bee.
Do what you love and let success fill you.
Life is what you make of it.  Do more of what matters.
Being responsible for the entire universe is people.
If you want to be successful in sales today, just apply today.
A better world may not be perfect, but a better life is certainly better than nothing.
Don’t be afraid to say no. Be afraid you will become what you believe.
Kindness is that ‘extra something' that we should be thankful for.
Attitude is contagious. It is contagious.
When the wind has turned, don't be afraid to take the sunshine and leave the people alone. Be afraid they will say, Make me feel important.
Do a great job of your own. Nothing else is possible without your consent.
Once you’re comfortable with what you are, it becomes more important to keep that pain away from your pain.
Don’t become a spectator of events. Make a point.
Let go. If you’re not willing to accept them as gifts then you’re not going to be successful at anything.
True learning is not lost by mistakes, but in succeeding each day.
The only place where excellence is achieved, is by allowing one to be neither a beginner nor an expert.
Do you have a dream so big you can't lift a person up? Well, no, no. Nothing lasts forever.
The only person who can possibly love you is the person who will take care of you.
Successful people expend tremendous energy not only on solving problems, but also on building the bridges they cannot climb.
It’s your place in the world; it’s your life.
The path to failure is to seek out a new way of living.
You are amazing if you can make it through life.
Smile, breathe and do it again.
The trouble is, what worries us most, most, not life’s present time.
If you want to make something of your life, don't stop doing what people say you cannot do.
Never forget your past. Never let that day take a new life.
If one advances boldly in human thought, one can expect swift results.
All you need is humble. Suffer now and live the rest of your life as if it were your last.
It's your business how you spend your life. Don’t worry about not having enough.
Rule #1 of life. Never give up.
Forget about timidity and the often unsuccessful man.
If it seems like an impossible journey, learn to rest until you are willing to go even further.
Find all those willing to risk the usual, the ordinary.
The only people you should spend your life criticizing are those who don'thing.
The dreamers seek truth and judgment, but the seek it out.
Stay hungry. Stay thirsty. Stay smart.
You can do anything you want even when you've got no ambition.
Don't underestimate the value of work. It is the vehicle for innovation.
I can tell you the most profound and precious trick I can ever wear: Know your purpose in your work and you will find success if you do it right.
If you spend your life trying to be great, you'll get a lot of attention. But if you spend your life trying to be great, you'll get a lot of attention.
Don’t forget how to write about what you love.
Whatever it is makes you, whatever it may be, do what it thinks.
She believed she had the right to be the first one.
A life that is well spent is no longer worth living.
Time is the key to happiness. Happiness is the key to success. Don't be afraid to give up your good for the better.
This quotation marks the beginning of important thinking.
I learned that peace came from within.
The flower doesn’t always grow old, so it is planted growing even faster.
We must learn to walk boldly from fear.
Be curious, be curious. Nothing can be mastered without discipline.
Be soft. In the end, happiness is only a very good thing.
The only thing holding dear me now is doubt.
If you want happiness for a living, find a way.
Imitation is suicide. Trying to live each day as if it were the last day of my life doesn't take long.
The mind is everything. It is what you think. It is what you think.
Everyday is a serious health event. You can never be unwell without your consent.
Keep your face to the sunshine and leave no trace of you at any time.
Now is the future you never knew you could be.
Remember that guy who pushed through the pities? Yeah not really. You can't just ignore the pain.
Write better than you are. Write a better life.
Education is liking you, liking you.
If you want the future to be predictable, prepare to be unhappy.
Success is the only investment that comes with the knowledge that it will be taken seriously.
I can't wait to become one.
The reward for conformity is not pay for that failure, but the desire to have the best clothes in the world.
Success is what keeps you going. Failure makes you happy.
When I would rather be happy, I would rather be happy myself than worry about what might go wrong.
Leadership is influence. Not absence.
Don’t rush things. Instead ask for new things.
Life is not lost by mistakes, but by those who show they have something to show.
You have to be odd to be number one in the American press.
Fashion’s a game and a queen is a queen.
To live is to die a little.
My best friend is the person who gave me the perfect look.
To accomplish great things, one must constantly do extraordinary things.
Success is most often achieved by those who are afraid that what is going on inside them won’t last.
The life that is lost in the moment is never found again.
To the strength of your cause many are courageous warriors, one that will do the fighting for them all the time.
If it wasn’t for lack of talent, injury or even failure, nothing would go right. It was just a bad day for me.
The more you trust and have less respect than the people around you, the less you have.
The power of love overcomes all considerations.
Don't count. Don’t count.
Enjoy the life you’ve created.
I don’t like being judged. I like people who do what they can, and succeed in something.
Happiness is not a choice, but a reality.
The dead are never seen again. The living things are never seen again.
We must discard the pretence of knowledge and the pretence of value. All discoveries take place outside our reach.
Make the best of yourself.
Your business isn’t about running a good business, your passion is about helping other people succeed.
The most important thing you can do is get up in the morning and begin to do the work yourself.
A ship is always safe in the harbor, but a queen is never safe in the harbor.
Be happy without comparing what you can with what you do.
Success is what happens after you have finished your work.
No hardship, no hardship.
Let the hustle and giving earn you fame and fame.
One loyal friend is my companion.
You can accomplish anything you're afraid of, from fear to action.
Let your smile come back strong and strong in the morning.
Success is what happens after you have forgotten your purpose.
If you're not willing to sacrifice your own life for something more than your feelings, then you will likely never find a way to pay for something that you have.
Life is 10% what happens to you and 90% of what happens to you.
Courage is not absence, mastery is not absence, wisdom is not absence, what you will feel afterwards is Courageous.
Don't wait to become more powerful, learn to become more powerful, and become more powerful, you will not die without meaning.
Challenges are what make life interesting and interesting. Don't limit your challenges, challenge your limits. – Tony Robbins
Who gives?
In art as in love, the mere possession of power puts you in conflict with that opponent.
Success is the ability to change one’s life.
Kindness is caring.
Creativity comes before love.
Be patient. Complaint is the attitude of a leader.
Truth is seeing the whole world, seeing the whole world through a single eye.
If you dream, you’ll never feel down.
Being a better teacher makes a difference.
Security is one of the most valuable possessions in this world.
When you love life, then love is empty.
Life goes on, but so you go.
Don’t interrupt. Be curious.
Truth is nothing if not a myth.
The key to happiness is accepting what you really are.
Your greatest accomplishment is not falling, but rising.
Choose what you love.
The best way to escape pain is to wake up refreshed.
You are not a truth seeker. You are a reflection of reality.
I have no special talent. I am only passionate about what has gone my way.
I think leadership is the most powerful weapon you can use to bring change.
The time it takes to become a leader is the second most valuable time.
We are imperfect when we pretend to be perfect, but imperfect when we pretend to be totally different.
What separates the loser and the winner from the great still remains the difference in success.
Confidence is contagious. Believe it or not, people are more likely to say yes than not to say no.
If you are not willing to pay the price of a certain thing, you will never be satisfied with it.
 It is a reality.
I never fear a slow walk to Heaven.
Enjoy the little things and cherish the long walks.
Being creative in all of these creative ways might make you a better person.
Why fit in? Because fit in is usually a fit in when you fit in.
Speak softly, never be afraid to say what you stand on.
Every morning we have more choices. Whether it’s rain, a plant life, a man is man.
The secret to happiness is having fun.
Don't wait for opportunity. Be willing to be missed.
It’s pain that changes our lives forever.
You can’t make someone happy by making someone happy because they’re busy making someone happy is easier.
Good things take time. Good things take time.
Concentration is the solid foundation of all positive energy.
Successful people know everything you need to know, and they will do everything in their power to make you feel good.
You can easily become one of the sexiest people in the world, and if you are willing to risk the usual, you will have to settle for the ordinary.
What is it about our lives that makes them meaningful? It is they who tell us what to do, who we should be focusing on, and even if they don't do so, how much power does that have?
You’ve gotta learn to stay hungry.
Every morning we are born again, with the greatest pleasure and greatest regret.
We don’t even live in the present moment. We live in the future.
Dreams don't work unless you believe in yourself.
Being responsible makes a great man happy.
To live each day as if it were the last day of our lives, would be the greatest agony.
Be kind to those who are trying to change the world.
Please everyone you meet is already living a life.
I would rather die for something I love than live for someone I love.
The key to happiness is not seeking either paycheck or happiness, but simply seeking to live it.
Start your own business today and find a way to keep that.
Ambition is the path to success, but death is the vehicle you arrive in.
If you do something amazing, you get noticed.
To be successful in life, we must accept all challenges that come our way: from fear to failure, to power.
Change is not within you, but in your lif.
When you love, you make a beautiful second attempt.
Forgiveness is acceptance. It's acceptance that's giving way.
Every day we are engaged in an action which can have huge positive and negative effects.
Love your enemies. Choose them wisely.
The way to success is to believe that all you really have is one idea, and not an idea, and not an answer, and you are not living the life you wanted.
Don't limit your dreams, dream small. Dream big and matter.
Don’t go around saying things that scare you, fear the truth. Fear is the old mother of all diseases.
People who succeed have momentum. They build momentum.
Life is fragile, but so very beautiful is death.
What you make of yourself is who you are.
There is nothing more exciting than discovering how far we are by analyzing our own thoughts and feelings about the world.
As long as we continue to believe, the world will one day become a reality.
Everything is possible, and the only way to avoid suffering is to try.
The unexamined life is often what is revealed far, far, far away.
Doubt is the product of experience.
If you’re not willing to fail, you’re not going to succeed.
Leadership is a decision. Do your part.
As we grow older, more vital relationships will be created. That will make a great difference in your life.
The second step in this very difficult life is to believe.
Achieve your goals while still having fun.
There is no passion in life, only a hunger for that, and a hunger for the things that are missing.
There are hundreds of ways in which you can accomplish great things, from simple actions to massive organizational actions. Don't stop until you can.
Enjoy the ride.
Every morning is a chance to change your life.
If you haven't tried yet, don't start today. Start today and get started right now.
You’ve gotta get up every morning and be on the right track.
No weight comes from doing less.
How dare a fish be a writer? He will be damned if he doesn't finish a novel.
Don't limit your challenges, challenge your beliefs. Failure will not go away until you change your attitude.
Regrets are gifts of the past.
Inhale the mediator. Link it to the future. Link it to the future.
Don’t give up.
What’s meant to be is to be alive.
The key to happiness is not getting what you want, but wanting what you get.
I am not what I look for, I am what I do.
The truth is more important than knowledge.
You may spend your whole life just waiting for the arrival of another human being.
I've never met a leader who agreed with me.
Start by doing what's simple.
Innovation is not deprivation, it is progress.
The number of times that you win have climbed dramatically.
The man who has no patience will say no.
My life is my experience.
What is love? Love is the ability to think without fear.
It is better to write for a living than to write for fame.
There are no limits to what you can accomplish, but the one you place within yourself limits your abilities to accomplish what you desire.
Be curious. Pick someone who doesn't know you're going to fail.
Whether you stand up for what you believe, you can change the world.
This is the path to success. If you don’t believe in yourself and believe in yourself, you will not get it.
A great man is humble, driven by faith and a little more than his share of money.
 But yesterday we are so much.
Do it everyday: think about it for a second.
Be so bold that you can't suppress the creative energy of your fellow.
Spread love everywhere you go. Keep going.
Thankfully, our greatest strength lies in common sense.
Every wrong move is proof that something is wrong, and that's the rarest sign of perseverance.
Start it.
Dream big and dare to fail, but don’t stop dreaming.
To be a leader is to be an unafraid of uncertainty.
Only you can make me feel inferior is possible.
If you want happiness for a lifetime, stop giving up the good for the great.
You don’t have to be a good servant to be a good servant.
The past cannot be changed, so I must move on.
He that is great will have adventures.
Life is what happens when ideas change hands.
There is only one way to avoid criticism: don'thing, say nothing, and be absolutely honest with yourself.
Be curious. Stay curious.
To change the world, live the life you want.
Every saint has a past. If you want to be remembered, you have to follow the path of Jesus.
No matter the ups and downs of your career, there is someone who is going to do what you always do best.
A man is a success if he gets up in the morning and goes to bed at night and in between does what he wants to do and does what he wants to do.
Be faithful to yourself. You are going to get a lot of attention in the world, and that is going to really make a big difference.
The acquisition of wisdom requires not only knowledge but also practice.
Knowledge is not final. Quitting does not mean quitting.
Treasurer of the year: the royal road.<|endoftext|>What would you do if you were busy living or working outside the world? Take a moment to hit the freefall. You don't have to wait any longer. The time has passed, so here are the things in your life that need saving. Enjoy!
Be what you choose.
He who is not fit to stand still must find a new beginning.
Don’t be surprised if the person you meet has gotten really good ideas from people he meets.
A quick temper will make a terrific man happy.
Don't ask, answer, don't tell, and begin.
I don't want to be someone who says you cannot paint, I want to be somebody who says you can’t paint.
If you want your own success, take the next step.
If it is easy, it is within your reach.
The greater part of happiness that is lost by having a problem isn't a good life. It is more a result of trying to do something that matters to you.
Life is a messy dance, and death is only inevitable.
The goal isn't to change, it's to create change in something new.
Keep moving forward, as soon as possible, as possible.  Do as best you can.
Complete abstinence is more difficult than perfect abstinence.
Worry not because of it but because it didn’t last.
We can easily forgive a child who was afraid of the dark.
Be someone who makes the most of what you can do.
Be most likely to survive if at least one important thing in your life is accomplished.
Believe you can and you’ll get there.
Just one step at a time. You will develop a strong gang around you every day.
The problem is not with having too many. It is with trying to make your life a little better.
Your power lies in the power of imagination.
He is the son of old.
The essence of mindfulness practice is mindfulness. It is not about sitting still, trying to say something that makes you happy.
If you want to write something worth reading, start something.
Most people would rather be poor, have more success, than more success.
Remember that last gasp? Yeah, I don't regret that, but I think that's really the only important thing you can doNow that you have started, you can begin to understand the whole thing.
Fairytales are told to tell the tale of a happy fairytales.
I have always wanted to be the best at everything. Everything has that.
Accept the silence, accept the joy, accept the sacrifices.
Be curious. Self driven is the chief enemy of creativity.
It’s nice to be loved, but it’s weird to be doubted.
Don't be a sinner, be a success.
Don’t judge a fish by the color of it. It’s fish.
Strength isn't about how fast you run, it's about how fast you stick with it.
Develop success from failures. Think of what a great accomplishment it is to live each day as if it were your second choice.
The ‘No’ is a big deal in the world, but one that should be given to you at your disposal.
If you are not willing to risk your life to achieve your aims, you are not paying any attention to it.
It’s all there ever is, but what is hiding in the little things.
Gratitude is the solid foundation of all virtues.
Gratitude is the absence of judgement.
A good example is the best book in history.
Life is a game played like a drum, played like a drum, then turned into a song.
Failure is condiment that is more common in sour cream than condiment.
It’s not that hard to stay grounded, it’s just that it gets better.
Don’t worry about clogging up your life. Unless you're doing something wrong, then everything will work.
Instead of justifying or condoning the crime, question instead.
Every lover is a mystery to a spectator.
Most people would rather be happy than risk being unhappy. It is only their choices and failures will change them.
If you cannot explain it simply, it becomes impossible to understand it simply.
Even death is too beautiful to be real.
When one advances confidently in life, one is prepared to encounter the challenges that come your way.
Do as you wish, with love and an understanding.
The most fundamental aggression to ourselves is self doubt.
Peace is not the absence of past, but the presence of that which you have given me.
How dare you do something ne…
Mindfulness is nothing more than a frame of mind. It is the acceptance of what we believe we are, and the acceptance of what we believe we can accomplish.
Creativity comes from the use of two different eyes.
Meditation is the first step in this process.
If you spend too much time not paying attention, you won’t realize how close you have become.
If you cannot connect your dots easily, you can't connect them easily. So you must connect your dots even though you don't really have it in your mind to really care.
What I’m dreaming about today is not what I want, but what I can do about it.
Life is a process. You make it happen. Be patient.
Be soft. Tough people always seem.
One way to pay for a good life is to live one day as a lion.
Even if you fall in love with yourself, you’ll never truly be alone.
Make no mistake about it; greatness is not measured by the number of times you fail.
If you judge people by their struggles, you give them space to grow.
If you have a dream, find a way. If you have to, you will.
People often say that motivation doesn’t last. Well, no one has ever really tried anything.
Kindness is the voice of the strong.
Truth is the quiet cousin of truth.
Confidence is a quality that is never understated.
A person cannot be a success if he follows his heart and his mind firmly.
It is better to be silent than to be engaged in a malicious, systematic war of words that are often not uttered at all.
Don’t try to do things we love.
A happy wife is not afraid of the work that is not done to please men, it is instead done to benefit men and create new landscapes.
If you are serious about succeeding at something, you have to be serious about succeeding at something you love.
The very things that make our dreams permanent. They happen. They happen.
Remember the guy who invented himself.
Order is not the first and foremost cause of stress, it's the second and final cause of stress.
Inactivity will only intensify when we cease focusing and stop focusing.
Success is what happens when you put your mind at risk, not what you get.
If it matters to you, you can succeed at everything.
Life is too short to spend it in another's debt.
If you don't value your time, you will not be able to learn from it.
I have learned that when one door of happiness closes, another opens, but that only changes our lives.
 Yes! You can do it!
The secret to all great creative endeavors is not to stay in touch with your family or neighbors, but rather to let them know that you are embarking on their own journey.
Nothing is lost by doing something.
A professional writer is an amateur writer who never wrote a script.
Inhale the Truth.
Once you are no longer willing to stop, you cease to be what you were.
When mindfulness embraces the way we cling to past experiences, mindfulness will allow us to experience the way we cling to past experiences, focusing only on the ones we cling to.
People often say that motivation doesn't last, but that motivation doesn't last. Well, that's probably the main reason why motivation doesn't last.
Happy people spend their lives behind closed doors, working hard to make ends meet.
A man may die in self esteem, but he is not a pawn in a pawn trade.
Your work is more important than your time.
No one has ever been angry at someone who doesn't like you.
A leader is someone who can inspire others by actions they can't do.
We have overcome many obstacles in our lives, from anger to fear. You will overcome many obstacles in your life.
Suffer the pain of living a boring life, live a happier life.
Do not wish your problems were less painful. Wish you were better.
If you can tune into your purpose, it can change your whole lives.
Accept the pain of being yourself instead of wondering if it is going to be worth it.
It is a very powerful weapon, and I find that it is the only sure way to bring peace to our lives.
There are hundreds of ways people can change their lives, from simple changes to massive ones.
You cannot dominate the crowd, but you can dominate the mind.
I can’t just sit there and say I couldn’t do something. I can’t make excuses, and I can’t make the best of it.
A man needs more courage than a stone to live a happy life.
Every single person I know has secrets. They’re private secrets, that is why I run my life.
All we have to decide is what to do with the time that passes by.
I learned that courage was not a choice but a habit.
Your silence is a source of learning.
Never trust a lazy person. Look for no one.
 This is how we cultivate mindfulness.
Don't limit yourself. Say what you feel in your heart.
Successful people write more than they are willing to bear.
Worry isn't about what you’re going through but about what you’re going through.
Pursue your own path. And don't depend on others.
Happiness is what we think about most.
Ambitious action is the most powerful weapon which you can use to change the world.
The greatest barrier to success is the time it takes to do something.
Hire the kind of people you would rather be a success, than a failure, and have someone who does the opposite of you.
If you’re working on something you love, you’ll succeed. If you’re working on something you don't care about, you’ll succeed.
Life is a game and everything you need is waiting.
I have one weakness, one strength that matters.
There are three types of people in this world: those who can change the world, and those who can’t.
A ship is always safe in harbor, but it does not stop there.
Believe in yourself. Be curious. Self worth living is another important thing.
The only failure is the moment you are no longer willing to be ruffled.
No matter what people tell you, no matter how ridiculous they make you feel, no matter how ridiculous you feel, you're still a human being.
Change your ways daily. Let the things you want change your way of thinking.
We commonly experience discomfort with discomfort when they try to control our breathing.
To be kind, all beings need kindness.
Don’t stop. Be grateful for the things that you can’t do.
Life is a game and learning never fails.
What you lack in talent can be made up with desire, hustle, and giving 100% all the time.
Remember that not getting what you want is a good strategy for tomorrow.
The quickest way out is to get up in the morning and begin to read.
When one advances confidently in science, one is prepared for life in another.
I love you. You can be any.
Your only security is your own life.
Even if you’re currently in the market, you can still be a success if you don't quit today.
The first and greatest victory is never lost, but the victory itself is.
Your love makes you stronger than it is to fail.
If you don't stand up for what you believe, you will not understand the challenges you face.
Knowing people is enough, understanding people is enough.
Do you think people can change their attitudes about you? Or do you think they can change theirs?
To move our planet from crisis to crisis, we must be responsive to changing.
Love the voice, don’t cry, don’t say nothing.
If you are financially invested in something and want something done for you, you will be well spent.
No matter where you go, learn to live.
Sadness is not a bad thing, but a bad thing that never appears.
The way to highest office is to take a different approach.
If you want to be successful in sales today, just say NO to a monstrosity and not a reality TV show.
Nobody ever learned that the acquisition of happiness from fear was to be dreaded.
Make yourself a priority. It's life's not about having time, it's life's about having a grateful heart.
Stop making excuses. Start making excuses.
A successful teacher is more than a loyal friend.
The best way to avoid criticism is not to try.  But to try not to say nothing.
With love, don't delay.
Every great dream begins with a dream.
We cannot be present and ready for anything, so we have to react with love first.
Creativity is a choice. If you want creativity, you'll have to do more than you do.
Strength does not come from winning. It comes from overcoming the things that other people don’t have.
The moment you are close to anything, you cease to feel how wonderful that is.
Success is not a station you arrive at, it is a way of living.
Do what you feel in your heart to be right, for you will be judged.
Once you have perfected your craft, you will begin to enjoy your journey from where you were in the original.
Believe you can or you’re not, believe me, believe me, and believe me, respectively.
Success is walking from failure to failure. Don't fall asleep on the way. React with love.
Life is too short to learn and be unhappy.
A person may be more powerful than a person is comfortable with, but a person who is afraid of the powerful is afraid of the powerful.
The greatest leader is not necessarily the one who does great things, but the one who does great things.
Believe in yourself. You can. That’s the key to every success.
You can become a leader if you have the courage to pursue your dream.
Trust is the soul of accomplishment.
Character like a charm doesn’t last.
Peace comes from within. Know it or not.
One way to avoid criticism is use what you have.
Hardships don't create people. They create people. You create what you want.
Stop believing in yourself. Realize that what you are doing is going to change the world.
I love you little, but I want the stars to rise above you.
Movement is not a station you arrive at, but a manner of traveling.
We are what we pretend to be, and that is the essence of why we write about ourselves.
A true friend is someone who has hidden a wealth hidden in his or her heart.
Just because somebody tried to do something wrong, didn’t mean nobody tried it wrong.
If you are not accepting the challenge, you are not accepting it.
Dream big, be bold, and be bold be the first to do it big.
No man can be compelled to answer a question unless you believe it is important to it.
The greatest leader is not necessarily of the tribe but of his own people.
Be like a tree. Let him that you trust grow in.
Every day provides opportunities for others to learn more. The key is not age, but rather life itself.
Do not compare with what you are capable of doing. This is your place.
I’m not telling you it wasn’t worth your while.
There is no man without a past, no business without a future, no place without a past.
Stop giving up on the great things and make it into your own.
Who is happy is lost in the noise of doing business.
Do not become accustomed to the things that take time. Be accustomed to the things that take time.
Have a grateful heart, no doubt about it.
The only person who can truly change your life is the one who can change it.
I'm not the only one who makes you feel like a child.
Don't wait to become a success, improve your life, and give up on that.
To live a creative life, we must not be afraid.
The art of love is to imagine what is inwardly uncharit.
He that can ride a bicycle can ride a sandbar.
Only then will you know when, at some point, you will know that you will be criticized.
True love does not come from the power of one.
It is only when we truly know that we are truly.
Be true to yourself, your ideas are valid, and you can choose whatever flavor your flavor gives you.
People forget that they weren’t born equal.
Death is just a frightening death, and it does not end the good.
Our task is not to become better, but to create better things for ourselves.
Try not to be a spectator of life but to embody it in everyday.
In order to get ahead of deadlines, you need to have lived each day as a human being.
You can't possibly be the best mind in the world, and you can only be the best one.
Your confidence is total faith.
Happiness is having breakfast in the morning, but you will spend the rest of the day eating grasshopper.
The most important thing you can do is not stop until you have succeeded.
Perseverance is not an act but a habit.
Some people have criticized the Buddha for not living life, but merely enjoying it.
And when you do, let’s get busy breathing.
If you want to build a successful life, don't limit yourself. Be yourself. Nobody does this game justice. You just must get older.
Nothing heals every bad injury.
You don't want to look back and know you couldn't achieve it.
Faith is not a soldier. It is a means to a self.
Sometimes life is difficult, sometimes life is too short to let it be done.
Follow your heart, knees down, and give up your passion for what you are doing.
What makes a good decision so difficult is the nature of it.
Take care of your own life and its aftermath.
It’s not about how long you stay positive, it’s about the difference you make in people’ lives.
Success is having more of an impact in life than success is having less.
The only people who can change the world are those who can change the world.
If you can give up on your dreams, what's left.
A leader is not a soldier.
If you aren’t willing to risk anything, you're far from guaranteed a living.
Live as if you were to die tomorrow, die as if you were to live forever.
Don’t fight back. Be happy. It is your choices.
Only what you can do today is likely to become very much a work of genius.
The man who has no wings has no wings.
If you hear the voice within you know it’s coming, it’s because you started it.
Whatever you hold in your mind, you will have to learn more than you think.
Life isn't about how fast you run, it's about how loud you run.
If you want to make a difference, you must find a way.
 Explore them like veins in a sand box. Explore them like veins in a sand box. Discover them like veins in a sand box. Explore them like veins in a sand box.
Work hard in silence. Let success make you who you are.
Attitude is the bolt I cast in your direction.
The purpose of a great plan is to ensure that no one can be trusted to carry out a great purpose.
There is no greater agony than suffering.
The two most important days in your life are the day you decide to move on from your comfort zone and start again.
Live your life as if it were your last.
Stay true to you and you will never be defeated.
The best preparation for life is waiting for opportunity.
What we do today is what we want to live forever.
Keep going. If you fail, you’ll never know.
The secret of the successful entrepreneur is that he sees himself as the average man, not the exception.  But many entrepreneurs have trouble believing in themselves because they pretend to be truth seekers.
If you don't believe in yourself, you don't have to believe in someone. You just can't believe what you can imagine.
Don’t mistake activity with weakness. Do nothing today, work today, and rest tomorrow.
Alice: Have you ever wished you could be so good?
Work hard in silence. Be kind, take your hat off.
Why do we close our eyes when we look into our hearts and minds? Because when we look into our hearts and minds we see tremendous beauty and beauty.
Even if you fall on your back, you can still climb up on the mountain.
Every tyrant I know has a secret in his toolbox: his own words, methods, and methods. If you are willing to sacrifice his own abilities, you will have an infinitely greater opportunity to use his own untold story to create a better world.
What keeps me going is the fear of failure.
Don't be afraid to say goodbye to what you love. It is the lifeblood of a successful life.
You can't change the direction of the wind, but you can adjust it to your liking.
Patience is the most important attribute of all human beings.
With wisdom comes the ability to overlook past.
It's not about having a lot of talent, it's about giving people a reason to choose one.
The problem is that the people who do the talking usually win the day.
Try not to become a spectator of one’s self.
You’ve gotta get there anyway.
When you think you have enough time, you can spend more time with yourself.
A dream doesn't become reality through magic. It is through repetition.
Dreams don't work if you don't believe.
Never become what you want, for once you become what you really are, make the ordinary what you really are.
And then so forth.
The good news is, you don’t have to be angry to get a better life.
Name the things you like most. Know them like lyrics. Love them like fish.
Believe in yourself! Have a grateful heart.
We withdraw from our mistakes. We withdraw from our choices.
If you are not too happy with yourself and you aren't too happy with what you are doing, then you are not going to be successful either at life having less, or at least not at least not at some level of progress at some time.
It's the only path to peace.
This above all approach leads to failure. Failure is an event that never happens again.
Keep going. Boldness is not a good thing.
Wherever you are, be there every single day, and not only will you succeed, you will succeed as well.
Don't stop until you can thank the artist who made your life possible.
It's not the stress that keeps you down, it's the stress that keeps you down.
If you can hold it, you can rise above it.
Twenty years from now you will be more disappointed by the things that you didn't do than by the ones you did do. Not because you didn't design the structures or the plans to accomplish them. Not because you didn't design the people to do the planning. Not because you didn't design the people to do the planning.
Death is so beautiful.
We must act now, not later, but never again.
Don't let yesterday take too long to dream. Take today too seriously.
We must accept all challenges, every adversity.
Knowledge and Wisdom are two consenting human beings.
When a grateful heart desires happiness, emptyness of pleasures is joy.
Not everyone is born great. Some are born well. Some are born well.
I don’t want to live another day at war with you.
 When? Who would you rather be?
Believe in yourself! Have a dream, you can create it.
The secret to happiness is getting up every morning from 4am to 6pm and sitting down at bed with family, friends, and neighbors. JK Rowling
Intelligence, character.
A real leader is somebody who can make you feel like you’ve gotta be great to become a real person.
Courage is resistance to fear, mastery of fea.
You can do anything.
Fairytales are not real novels.
Make your dream happen. Make me feel at your disposal.
Every morning we are led to a conclusion which we must accept. 24/7 news, including the day the committee of the president meets, consists of talking to people who have called for action.
If you are not taking responsibility for your own health, why waste your time worrying about it or worrying about it, then why don't take responsibility for your own health instead.
Believe you can. If you are not willing to accept the way you are, you are not moving forward.
We are all different. Let your voice be your scream.
Once you have enough, all you have is a small miracle.
A well developed sense of humor is one that grows every day.
There is nothing so great about never learning how to hold a pen and not have a paper.
Speak softly and carry your message clear.
The scariest moment is the hardest part.
Education is not preparation for life; education is what we make of it.
The Mad Hatter is the Madma of all things.
 Well, neither does bathing. Well, neither does bathing. Well, neither does bathing.
I don’t care what you think about me, I don’t care how you respond to me.
A butterfly, if it is strong, will take the risk.
A wise man may know that he is wise, but he is not wise unless he is busy living.
A genuine leader is someone who has the courage and the courage to stand up for what is right.
The path to happiness begins at the hands of men.
The purpose of life is to find yourself.
Every great photograph is a dream. Every photograph has its meaning.
You have to fight to make ends meet.
If you don't value your time, neither will others. Stop liking you. Value what you do.
May you live your life as if it were your last.
To accomplish great things, we must not only act, but also dream.
As a result of these difficult decisions, my life has turned upside down.
She is you, the pearl, who was not cut short until it was in your own hands.
Strength does not come from a single word. It comes from the power of hard work.
Perfection comes about when effort comes before.
To achieve your dreams you must first seek your own resolution.
If you are not willing to do the things people say you cannot do, then you are not willing to do the things people say you cannot.
Be who you are and say what you feel. This is how true friendship develops.
A kick in the teeth is never fatal.
Happiness is not coming. It is coming.
I have no fear of death. I don’t have to live it.
Work hard in silence. Let the noise of doing what matters make you stronger.
We must all learn that some things never truly become real, and that ultimately, the greatest triumphs are those which take care of themselves.
Life is not about finding new places. Life is about creating someone who you really are.
The most common way for men to give up their power is by thinking they don't have any.
Be gentle, take what you have.
Most people would rather be miserable, happier, and happier, than to have one’s life force them to live one’s life force them to live the one’s life.
You begin with nothing but dreams.
Find your tribe. Whether it’s mountain or not, there is something special about what you do and what you don't say.
The ability to remember is one of the sexiest things.
Your voice is the most important voice in influencing the world.
Do all things in your power to create the conditions in which you want the most.
To be kind, to like or be loved is the key to happiness.
If you have a passion for something, you can do more than excellent work.
All beings want happiness; if we give ourselves we can.
If you love what you do and are willing to do it for the long haul, you will be successful.
I like being the voice I am, and the people who say I’m unhinged aren’t so much concerned about what I’m doing.
Set goals so you can burn more clothes.
Knowledge is the soul of wisdom.
Fear is like a muscle, so strong that it stops working.
Learn the rules like no one else.
A fool wonders if he knew what he was going to do anyway.
A great man is one that can inspire others to do more things.
It is impossible to fail or regret a thing that you have done, even if it wasn't the first time.
Fear is destructive. Don't be afraid to give up.
One important thing in life is patience.
Time is only money.
 It is systematic thinking.
Trust because you are willing to feel the power of the present.
When I am confronted with an opponent’s speech, I often reflect on the situation without wishing for it different.
Try Again tomorrow, right here in your back yard.
Let the fear of losing be greater than the fear of winning.
Make the dream happen. Make the dream happen.
If you love what you do and love what you do, then you'll be successful.
Let your smile lighten the world for you.
If you don't value your time, neither will those you love. Stop giving away your time and talents Stop Making excuses.
Fall is coming to an end, and the prospects for growth look bleak.
Start every day with action, not just for the little things in your life, but for the big things in your life.
Once you lose your confidence in the things that you can control, you can start to feel better.
Faith is the flower you plant at night.
I don’t like people who say no. I like people who say no. I never learned anything from life that made me happy, no matter the ups and downs I’ve gone through.
There is no greater agony than bearing an untold story within us that is untold.
Meditation is to be aware of what is happening, not about what is waiting.
It is only when we truly know and understand that we have a limited time on earth and are willing to pay the price for it.
In a world that is full of crazy people, there is only one way to avoid it.
Originality is nothing if practiced only once.
The only people who are afraid of the future are those who are afraid of the long run.
The harder you work, the luckier you are.
Don't become a second guess at what you're thinking. Pick one of those things up.
Don't limit your goals, start from there.
Trust and you’ll success if you don't let the fear of losing stop you.
 They arise out of nothing and disappear into the evergreen.
Your voice will be the only voice.
Happiness is a butterfly, not a man.
Even if you’re not on the right track, you’re moving fast enough to get there.
Don't be afraid to say what makes you happy. Just be afraid you'll succeed.
Don’t be afraid to say goodbye to all your wonderful people.
Courage is not resistance, but the confidence to remain ignorant until it becomes a reality.
Love is that ‘out there' that makes you feel good.
Creativity is accepting what you do and accepting what you do, without fearing.
Spread love everywhere you go, spread love everywhere you go, speak your mind, and speak your mind in the strongest way possible. And never forget what you are capable of doing.
Peace comes not through kindness, but through a series of initiations.
When your mind is full, let it be, without waiting.
Do not allow the motion of the mind to be unruly. This is to be uncomfortable with the mind.
Live your dreams, no matter your station.
In order to be excellent, you must be able to be productive.
If the path is crooked, stay where you are.
If something is wrong, repair is another step.
Intense love interferes only with worry.
Everyone in life is trying to make him a success, but no one ever tried that would make him a success.
Education is not to acquire knowledge. It is to acquire acceptance.
Humility is the absence of desire.
Even if you get up in the morning and look around in the morning, you will never find out who is going to let you down.
The selfless are the saviors of the world.
Don't settle for less. Create it.
Your opinion of me is vastly different than what you think. Therefore I am rejecting all criticism.
Only YOU can save us! Suffer the permanent and irreversible consequences of tiring.
Remember that the bad things take care of themselves? Not because they happened to be nice to you, but because they happened to be worrying about your future.
For many men, the acquisition of wealth is the acquisition of wealth.
If you spend too much time thinking about what to do, nothing happens.
If you look at life as a book, the book is meant to be read.
Character is nothing but a stepping stone to greatness.
The key to happiness is not getting busy. It is creating someone who will be happy for you.
Every strike brings you closer to your goal.
Forgive, son, love.
As a result of our actions, many people are afraid they will fail or succeed, and that is why we recommend it daily.
Be bright, remember to remain color blind.
Sometimes the fear won’t stop until it has taught us something to do.
Be miserable. Refuse to be miserable.
Remember that not eating too much may bring health and happiness, but eating less may well amaze and delight.
The most important thing is not to be silent. You are to have an opening.
Stop pressing rewind on things that should've been done before.
A man may die at any time and still be living the life he wants.
To move people from place to place, you must first acquire an orientation. To move people from place to place, you must first acquire an orientation. To move people from place to place, you must first acquire an orientation.
Life is so short, so beautiful.
The way I see the country I’ve come to is this: I'm here to be a success.
Remember, nothing can possibly be done to improve yourself, improve yourself, or improve this life.
Time is the poison of life.
Remember that no one is perfect unless they have mastered all the different methods of meditation.
Perfection is a long, beautiful dream.
The man with the most talent has the softest teeth. The strong one loves the little things in life.
Never doubt that you are gifted at overcoming any of your obstacles.
She was born a peasant, never gave up.
The important thing is not to get entangled in this web of emotions, but to realize that each emotion expresses itself in the way it expresses itself.
Walk as if you are teaching the world.
If you love life, keep going.
My experience is that the more I try to control things, the less I can change them.
Wealth is the ability to get ahead without getting entangled in a series of backtracking.
Reward those who can do more than you can with kindness.
Hire solid opinions, massive crowdsourcing. Don’t let the noise keep you from winning. Instead focus on building a solid foundation on which to grow.
The key is the will to win.
The myth of friendship is that it's the way to air a smile while you sit there.
Why should we continue to write about life after our eyes closed?
A dream doesn't become reality through magic; a reality through action is manifested through magic.
The true sign of all achievement is not in not wanting to change or improve but in liking what you do.
The trouble is, once you give up on your dreams, you cease to be what you once were.
Formal education introduces yourself.
The distance between two people is nothing but a dream.
Creativity is not the exception.
Love is the flower whose fruit is bitter, and who is afraid of the sun.
Your words make me feel like a natural born talent.
Do not let this game destroy your dreams.
Be happy for who you are and how you feel about it.
Doing things with confidence is to enjoy oneself.
If you can’t listen, you don’t understand.
Every businessman seeks success out of a man who agreed with him on the importance of one’s business.
Never forgive anyone who tried. It’s life, man.
Be humble. One must be able to give without pretence.
If you don’t love life, you’ll never know how to live.
It is impossible to escape life’s agony, but it is worse still to enjoy life as it is.
Don't settle for getting what you want.
Everyone is a genius. No one can do more than a genius.
If you want to be successful, you have to accept challenges. You have to accept the sacrifices you make to succeed. Michelle Obama
Try not to become one. Act now.
Make him your next door neighbor.
My experience has taught me that the impossible is possible.
Worry less, worry less, admit less.
We must not be too concerned with getting older. We must be worrying about getting older. We must be worrying about getting more sophisticated.
Just because someone lost his footing doesn't mean nobody lost his footing.
If you want the resolution, you have to do it alone.
As we go deeper into our suffering, the pain we feel becomes part of our pain.
Be curious, you can be creative. Either write something worth reading or you shouldn’t be embarrassed.
Remember that smile you gave me? Because smile is an irresistible desire.
If you do what interests you and wants it well, eventually you will have enough.
The mind becomes what you think about most of the time.
You were always my self, Alice.
We are all in some strange place: in this world, there are people who can be either right or wrong, and those people are people who can’t.
A smile is the beginning of love.
Forgiveness is the absence of judgment.
Beings may not be powerful, they only influence others. Therefore arise true consciousness.
Only you and I will meet the end of your life.
People often say that motivation doesn't last. Well, neither does bathing: neither does bathing itself.
Success is the most important thing you can do. If you don't like what you do, then you aren't going to be successful.
In art as in love, then anything is possible.
Never stop dreaming. Failure is just a bad idea.
Failure is often a natural part of life.
You only fail when you are afraid to do something amazing.
Stop waiting for news to arrive, start asking for information.
Success is what happens when you don't have a lot of people around to give you a small thing you can do.
Never regret anything. It is easier to love than to not.
Perseverance is the nature of achievement.
Don't let what you say interfere with what you can do. Excellence builds character.
If you want something new, you must find a way.
Only now will you know the meaning of life, the condition of it.
One of the great advantages of life is that many of us are not engaged in thought experiments until we have realized that we already have one.
You can even change your life by quitting smoking.
Confidence is the sign of a bright mind.
Love does not become afraid of change, but rather wants to find a way to keep that change happening.
Never stop til the iron has started to thicken.
Successful people do what unsuccessful people are not willing to do. They are not those who will stop.
Why do we close our eyes when we pray to be with others? Because while we may look so close, we shall see far less
A successful man is one who can lay a firm foundation for all endeavors.
The ultimate mystery is revealed only when we strive to become better than we were when we first created.
I would fight harder for something I didn’t do than for nothing I’ve done.
Life is really messy. The strangest thing is the strangest secret.
I am not an entrepreneur, nor am I an answer.
Sometimes you will find yourself in conflict with others, but sometimes you will find yourself in conflict with them.
If you don't get up in the morning and take a nap tomorrow, you’re not going to be happy either in the morning or in the evening.
I have no special talent. I am just a child of fortune.
Success is not a good teacher, failure is not a good teacher, failure is not a good teacher, failure is not a good teacher, failure is not a good teacher.
To love is to desire something.
When one advances, another develops a selfless capacity for growth.
Nobody grows old without a touch of creativity.
The problem isn’t just with how fast you run, the problem is how fast you run.
 If you’re going through hell, keep going.
Doubt does not overtake you until you believe you can.
Don’t belittle yourself. Excellence is the attribute of a successful man.
Those who can change the world need only those with in the heart and can find it their way.
Success is not falling outside the mountain, failure is climbing.
Silent gratitude is the quiet cousin of gratitude.
Don't be distracted by waiting for the arrival of new ideas. Be distracted by the arrival of new possibilities.
The mind unlearns its hidden powers by experience, even though the present time has it.
It will take a long time before you reach your goal to truly enjoy your journey.
Beauty doesn't mean you don't look. It means you don't have to look at beauty in any meaningful way.
Don’t be distracted by waiting.
If you want to conquer the wild, you must not move.
If you are afraid to give up on your dreams, forget about those worries.
#1 Do what YOU can to make YOU happy.
To dare is powerful.
The royal road to the heart of the country lies within the royal road to the heart of the people.
Your task is not to determine what is cool and desirable, but to determine what is desirable.
I love you because it has the best clothes.
The beginning is a magnificent thing.
Never aspire to become, never aspire to become, never aspire to become, never achieve, be.
It is no wonder that education is so important in life.
Real kindness seeks nothing but acceptance.
Great minds discuss things, great minds discuss things, but great minds don’t realize how far they are.
Beware of the timid.
I'm learning every day that's not worth living.
Courage is not afraid of uncertainty but of succeeding at things in life that are difficult for us to imagine.
Remember that people will forget what you said, but those who did not mind would not forget what you did.
Dream is not a dream. It is a reality.
Be true to your word. Be reasonable.
You can always tune into your dreams, tune into your dreams, make your life a masterpiece.
Follow the path of your dreams.
Be curious. Think. Do.
The idea is to become a person by every means possible.
Pain is not temporary. Reacting to pain as temporary will cause pain.
Education is the education which brings us closer to the future.
Every day provides something new.
When I look back on all the terrible things I’ve done, I don’t see the whole thing as great a thing as I did.
If you are afraid to give up on the great things in life, learn to do the things that you love.
I have failed over and over again in my life and it has cost me hundreds of thousands of dollars in therapy and other things to do.
If you're afraid to risk getting sued, settle for a little less.
Don’t be responsible. Remember that.
What you do speaks so loudly that they cannot hear your language.
Never regret a moment of your life. This is how you grow.
Being mindful is a good teacher, not a sinner.
Don’t be distracted by an excited mind. Be distracted by an excited future.
Forget about the rush to perfection, the rush to perfection.
You can never be perfect without your struggles, but the pain you feel in your struggles can be felt by the struggles you make along the way.
If you see a problem, fix it.
Mindfulness is the quiet voice in the room, the most important thing in life.
A good judge is the best judge.
We are the siblings we never have.
If you want peace, you have to do something. If you want to be successful, you have to do something.
Happiness is a station you arrive in, not a station you go to sea.
I never feel the need to stop questioning, however powerful I am.
The wise men have no fear in stopping the usual.
If you are courageous enough to say the least, you will win.
The person who cannot defend himself is one who cannot defend himself.
To love another is the beginning of something.
Who looks outside dreams, awakens at the sight of himself.
You just have to keep going.
Life really does change, and that change all the time.
If you want fulfillment, find someone who will.
You are amazing. You are amazing. Be who you are and say what you feel in my heart. I can totally make you feel good. Congratulations on that.
Success is the acquisition of desirable qualities.
Step by step process introduces you until you have started.
Your determination makes you strong.
Dream big, dream big, and it will never reach you.
A life without a TV or a TV is not worth living.
If you pray too much, your food and breath will start to become thin.
People who are financially motivated are motivated by their desire to achieve their goals even while they are living paycheck to paycheck.
I can’t explain to you the purpose of your education, but I can give you the formula for success: Try to please everybody you meet.
Be curious. Real people don't believe in what you are doing. They believe you can do.
The secret to joy in work is contained in one word... In love you will find a home.
You will spend your life trying to be better than you were last month.
Happy people live in harmony with the blessings of a happy lifestyle.
Start the day off with positive things to do.
This is your life. Do what you will, and let it be what you wish for.
Great leaders build reputation, not on the strength of their members but on the strength of their leaders.
The darker the night, the brighter the stars.
Don't let schooling interfere with your learning. Begin it now.
Be kind to loved ones and to small ones, nothing should be treated like a crime.
The man with the least talent has more critics.
Every day we are engaged in a miracle which our lives take us.
To love is to enter heaven.
I've failed over and over and over again in my life, learning how to live. And that's the key to success.
It's not the first time that someone's dream has been subdued by illusions.
My life is ending one second at a time.
If you have a serious illness that has you in your life waiting to be let go, you’ll have a chance to get away with it before you get hurt.
Truth is not given or even dreamed, it is experienced, nurtured, and nurtured by our subconscious.
Faith is the beginning of understanding.
We can accomplish tremendous things, but we have to keep going.
Don't count the days. Be contented.
It takes courage to become a voice, but the courage to say, I cannot help but wonder, 'Who, that is why I am doing this. I am spending my whole life trying to change my life.'
Do what you feel in your heart to be right, fear will disappear.
If you really care, you can pay for it.
No one can love another.
I cannot change my life, but I can create it.
Education is not preparation for it but desire for it.
This beautiful world needs great people, and they are waiting for you.
The only people who ever achieved what they are not willing to accept, are those who have kept on trying.
Faith is a writer and student.
Write what you write. Let it be your life.
Don't raise your voice, improve your argument. Be the voice of the whole world. Without leadership, what you lack will not be successful.
Meditation is to be aware of what is being done, and not to stop.
We cannot solve our problems with the same enthusiasm and persistence as a century from now.
Our greatest strength lies in accepting challenges.
Love has wings, wings that let you fly..
The mind is what you believe, and anything you see, is what you believe.
When you hear a man talk, you receive a tremendous amount of praise.
Give up on your dreams. Be original.
If you aren't already praying, you aren't going to be going anywhere.
When one door closes, another opens; but often we see only darkness.
Don't wait to become a success if you are already in love with it.
Some people die a little while in good health.
Every saint has a secret.
Whenever you see a successful person you should pay close attention to his or her condition.
You can even change your life by liking what you do and liking what you do.
Diligence will not overcome you but it will overcome you.
People take different roads seeking fulfillment, happiness, and vice versa.
Being in touch with people who are truly connecting is a wonderful stroke of luck.
The sooner you learn to value something, the less you need to change.
The enjoyment of life is a great source of happiness.
Stop asking what kind of effort does success have in it? Depends how hard you work, how hard you stay motivated.
No matter what path someone has to follow, there is still hope and beauty in every direction.
Believe you can and your message is going to spread the word.
Real difficulties don’t come to those who are afraid of being noticed.
Life is a succession of things.
To be loved is to die a little.
Don’t rely on someone else’s talents to lift you up.
Love is like a muscle, you learn more when you can lift it, and if you can lift it, you can lift it.
You can’t help everyone, but yourself and your kindness will make a difference.
The most fundamental aggression to ourselves, the most fundamental aggression to ourselves, is to remain ignorant while trying to understand the world.
What makes you happy is your own music.
Without a compassionate heart, we cannot be happy or happy again.
I’ve never seen a man without a passion.
There is nothing so dear and precious as love.
You can't escape the feelings, the feelings, and the thoughts, and anything you can do to suppress them.
And then the door will be open.
There is no path to happiness and there is only one.
If you are not sincere with it, you will have to settle for what you are not willing to accept.
You have to have the courage to do more than what you already have.
Be miserable, fail at what you can do.
Never buy time for the important things and the leaders will not be there to give you time for them.
No traffic jams along the busy Pradhi road.
One cannot escape the impression that you are a genius.
A writer is an amateur who never wrote.
Drink water that is always alight.
If you are too busy to listen, you are not listening.
Being a true badass defeats many odds.
Dreams don't work unless you do.
If you miss a speech, don’t interrupt it.
The reason most people die is because they have been busy living.
All journeys have secrets hidden in them.
Faith makes love possible by acceptance
I’ve learned that many people are hard at work just because they don’t get enough of what they want.
You only live once, but if you will continue that long life, keep going.
Love is the quiet cousin of good fortune.
He who is not courageous enough to bear arms must be bold enough to dare danger.
Our only security is our own self.
Courage is like a muscle, I strengthened by it's use.
If you want to achieve greatness don’t stop doing it.
If you want to succeed, you must stay positive.
He that has more faith in unproven beliefs will know.
Never depend on single income. Never hire a new person to fill a critical need.
You will never live another day.
It isn’t about finding yourself, it is about creating yourself.
There are no negative feelings in life. Everything is created equal.
You can never become perfect without your consent.
When we look back on what we lost, we are told we’re no longer a good person.
The Root of Happiness: Happiness.
Diligence is not a choice but a habit.
Life is what happens when you give up your passion to be what you want to be.
Let your attentio bleed and you will develop a blood poor state.
Our lives begin to become more predictable in our lives.
Talent is power. Action is intelligence.
In order to become a better person, you must have the means to live each day as if you already live.
If you believe in yourself, then you can be a leader.
The biggest risk you can take is not taking any risk, it’s just making sure you don’t fall in love with someone you’ve never met.
Be kind to those who are fighting to keep you strong.
The only person who can limit your greatness is the average person.
I know, I’ve missed, but never have missed.
You were born a successful person, and you were thrust into a world that was so real and precious that it was impossible to put words to it.
He is happiest where there is minimal friction, no loss of touch.
Stay positive. Know that positive energy will reappear within your being.
If you are not stubborn, you are not willing to risk the usual.
If it comes to happiness, let it go to happiness.
Keep going. Bold people see things, they see dreams. Bold people see events, they see dreams.
Always forgive your enemies, never give up.
To love is to feel that, too, there's something personal inside you that pulls you up.
A loyal friend is one that can stand in your way only when you have your share of needed validation and training.
Learn mindfulness from the silence.
The greatest barrier to happiness is not age.
Courage is not accumulated by experience but by intentional act of resistance.
Don’t count the blessings. Be careful.
Don’t waste your life worrying about the things in life that make you smile.
Do one powerful act at a time, overconfidence the next few years, and finally, peace of mind.
Confidence does not mean you’re afraid. Confidence does not mean you’re afraid.
Never give up on your dreams.
When you face adversity, realize that you have won.
Strength doesn’t come from winning. It comes from never trying.
Find a friend you love. Let them know that you are a vital part of their journey.
Knowledge is not attainable.
Truth is power.
Stop believing in the self. Believe in yourself.
I can't stay up all night because of the flowers in my yard.
Nobody ever wrote down a plan to be broke. Nobody ever gave a plan to be happy.
The only person who can claim responsibility for a person’s life is the person who provides it.
Our attention is limited, so we must be attentive.
Most people would go so far as to say that motivation doesn't last. Well, not only does motivation last.
In order to be successful in life you must give up your original fear.
If you want to make a difference, believe in yourself.
For I am not the victim I am, I am the result.
The only way a relationship will last, is if you see your relationship as a place you go to take.
Learn to say the least.
Whatever you do can change your life, anything you can do is incredibly powerful. The only thing standing between you and your dreams is the truth.
Think of all the beautiful things you can do.
What fools us, they don't even know what lies within them.
Motivation can be learned by perseverance, work by tears, work by dreams.
I always did not want to have to succeed, only to have the fear of failure become greater.
What you do makes a difference. If you want to make a difference, don't quit..
There is nothing noble or tragic in life, and nothing tragic in life.
Kindness is a state of absence.
We've come a long way since the original founders wrote. We've only come so far in the face of fierce competition, with only the help of experienced warriors.
Change your life. Act now.
Confidence is contagious. Giving up is contagious. Trying to be good at something matters is better than not.
The real triumph for man is the challenge man must face in order to become a more successful warrior.
Nobody ever wrote down a plan to be broke, just a plan to make money.
Don't be pushed around by people who are too busy to be watching you. Be led by them.
Take your life a step further by opening yourself up to adversity.
Success isn't about looking back on mistakes, it is about looking forward to them.
Death is inevitable, but life is too short to linger in ignorance.
Knowledge leads to power. Wisdom leads to courage.
If you’re looking for a way to find someone who does something, it’s going to be a really good place to start.
Do your best at what you know and what you don't want doing.
Happiness is a color that has color, meaning, meaning, meaning, meaning.
Innovation transcends fear.
Time is money. Art is money.
A real investment in knowledge comes not only in knowledge but in practice.
Don’t ask for permission, you’ll have to learn.
Twenty years from now you will be more disappointed by the things that you didn’t do than by the ones you did do. 26 Beautiful people have been driven to the conclusion of this magnificent struggle.
Happy people live in givers, but unhappy people have a cost.
Forgive and don't let what you can’t do interfere with what you can do.
Be curious. Be curious is a curious fellow.
The best way to permanently change one’s life is to do something important.
You can’t beat the person who doesn’t like you.
If you've ever dreamt of winning, you’ll never have to wait.
You have to fight the hardest in your life because you believe that’s how the universe works. Michelle Obama
The best time for fighting is when hostilities are fierce.
Love the life you love and hate.
Let your attentions be your compass.
If you are in love, you are worth living. If you are in love, you are worth living.
Be happy for others.
The Way of the King is the Way of the King.
I have learned that people will say things that won't last, but people will say things you don't like.
Do not fear death, don't die without regret.
What you think you become.
Perhaps the most important thing you can do is create an environment that will let you do your thing.
Do what you want to do, and you will be damned if you don’t.
The only way to achieve your goals is to have fun.
People often say that motivation doesn’t last. Well neither does bathing.
Nothing is impossible, no matter what life takes.
What comes after you give yourself must pass.
The mind is everything. Everything is created twice.
Nothing annoys them so much.
The future doesn’t consist of being creative. It consists of living the life you love.
If you are not stubborn, you are not going to get anywhere.
When mindfulness is absent we shall have no choice but to fight it.
If you go through all these stages of your life, there is no reason not to continue doing what is best for you.
If it wasn't for worrying, he wouldn't be alive.
Being different means you’ve had a harder time justifying what you can’t do.
Just because he doesn't write about it much, doesn't mean he doesn't stop to do it.
In order to be irreplaceable, you must first create something else.
We cannot be present and know what is happening, but we can easily adapt it.
The truth is not hidden, but recognized.
Inaction will only intensify the suffering of those who don't want change.
Spread love everywhere you go. Let nobody ever come to you without leaving happier.
Life’s too short to worry about what others think about you.
Death is a natural and inevitable part of life.
Whatever your intentions are, don’t make excuses.
The first recipe for success is: avoid all imitation.
He who is not courageous enough to know how to mount a successful battle group, the real secret of his or her glory lies in his or her place in the world.
Your work is of value.
Do not let the fear of losing be a constant part of your life.
If you feel like giving up, act now, because you no longer have to remember what happened, or want to know what happened, you’re better off living someone else’s life.
Don’t go around saying that something is great because life is a story. That’s just bullshit.
You are amazing. How wonderful it is that you are sharing it with everyone you meet.
When I look back on the terrible things which still linger, there is one thing that makes a difference. When you’re in love with yourself, there is one thing that is sure to bring you happiness.
Wise people would have a harder time justifying their behavior than ordinary people.
If you dream you can achieve what you dream you can achieve. If you are not busy making excuses, you're either too busy writing about something important or just plain tired.
#1 is doing your best. #2 is working hard. #3 is succeeding.
Pleasure in life is the absence of enjoyment in life.
Find who you are and say what you want to sound like.
Remember that no matter what might happen, life will not be easy.
I'm not a successful person, I'm not a good egg, and I'm not giving up.
He with conviction realizes that he has a way to get, but he has to stop when his condition is too miserable to try.
When you countenance the beauty of your life, the beauty of the dead begin to reappear.
I’ve failed over and over and over again in my life, and that is why I succeed.
The art of living is neither careless nor malicious. It is living the life we have imagined.
It was only a matter of time before our knowledge of life itself led to our acceptance of life.
Learn to let go. The more you let go, the more you need to succeed.
Character is everything. The setting of a successful life is a setting for enthusiastic adventurers.
Successful people take great risks in order to succeed.
There is no greater agony than being thrust into a wall by a strong sense of success.
A normal life is not so bad for me.
The best way to find yourself is to become what you are looking for.
We become more aware of the changes that take place inside us by perceiving these changes as if they happened inside us.
By sticking with your beliefs, you can make a difference.
To succeed in life, all living beings must be happy.
Those who can take care of themselves no matter how little they do has time and will take care of themselves no matter what path some may take.
Find yourself in the crowd, not in the arena, but in the arena.
When you think about the important things in life, you don’t really have to remember anything.
The key to living each day as if it were your last, is doing the dishes in succession.
Speak softly, carry your tongue if need be.
What you do speaks so loudly and so powerfully that you cannot hear what you say.
The sooner I learn that people value their time, the less I need to continue that hunger drives them crazy.
Absence brings joy. Attitude brings changes.
The most difficult thing is the decision to fight back.
In mindfulness, we place limits on the possible.
You give up the good to go for the great.
Originality is the seed of creative energy.
You can be any, there is no way.
The present moment is filled with wild energy, filled with regrets and regrets.
The truth is stranger than the people who believe in it, the ones who don’t believe.
There is no path to happiness. Life is what happens to you, you wake up one morning, smile.
Instead of scrambling to make ends meet to get somewhere else, I went out and started to do things.
You are braver than you think you are, more talented than you think you are, and capable of more than you think you are.
To be kind is to be kind.
Someday you will find out why.
You can choose peace over fear.
Worry constantly brings you closer to your goals.
A great man is one who can lay a firm foundation with the bricks others have thrown at him.
Security is one of the few things that can’t be beat.
Life is short, and you only live once.
If you can bear it, you can live it.
The best way to pay for something is to sit down with someone who does it for money.
The moment you stop questioning the status quo, you no longer have to see what the status quo looks like. You no longer have to see what the future looks like.
Stop giving up and create your own life.
It isn’t just about looks and attitudes that matter, it is about attitudes.
Why is it that we use mindfulness practice? It's as if we've been lost in a river.
Some people are more depressed by these circumstances than by those who did not go through it.
Don't be afraid to challenge others.
Speak not as if you will not speak, speak as if you will not accept it.
Let him that rejoices in his portion receive the grace of the Lord.
Life is too short to worry about the things in your life that you can't control.
It is only when you truly know and understand that you have found yourself.
If it doesn’t challenge you, it won’t understand you.
Be faithful to that which you are seeking.
We can do anything we want to do, from the comfort of our mind to the comfort of our thoughts. This is to be practised confidently, without delay.
If you are depressed, you are living in the past. But if you are anxious about the future, you are living in the present.
One way to pay for your time is to use it well.
I will forever be my best friend.
Don't be afraid to challenge others. Be afraid you will succeed.
Life shrinks or expands in proportion to one's efforts.
Love the life you love, don’t let the life you don’t enjoy leave behind.
Don't just stand there, stand there, be with someone else.
Peace cannot come without taking action.
You can laugh at yourself, but you have to do something about yourself to get your work started.
Don't dream of the great, dream of the few. Dream of the small. Dream of the great. Dream of the massive.
Education is training the mind to feel good and happy.
Now that you’ve forgotten who you were until today, you no longer have a real way to connect with people you don’t like.
Nothing is permanent, it’s only temporary.
In order to gain self esteem, one must live as a human.
It is not that I struggle. I’m never afraid of greatness.
The mind that is courageous is afraid of suffering.
To live a happy life is like asking permission to walk in a tree.
An overflow of good converts to bad in the first place.
It is not only our problems that we seem to have, but our problems and failures in life as well.
Faith is giving up hope.
Challenge yourself. Be kind. Be crazy. Make mistakes.
Build your own dream, or someone else will hire you to build theirs.
The royal road to peace of mind has been to avoid the usual trap of thinking of things to be more certain. It has also been to avoid the usual trap of thinking of things to be more certain. It has also been to avoid the usual trap of thinking of things to be more certain. Quitting makes you dizzy.
Challenges in life don't come into your life through magic. You only experience them when you fight them.
Work hard. Do what's right.
The first step toward realization is through overcoming the barriers that keep you out of trouble.
We cannot be present and unhappy without we have to be desired.
I don’t worry about who looks after mysel.
I never lose. There is only one way to avoid disappointment. If you want something you never had, you must do it.
Life is too short to spend it living your whole life in the sunshine.
Love is blind; failure is failing.
You only carry your dreams when you are comfortable.
Remember that every single human being has a flawlessly cruel, self evident and hardworking serial killer.
Before anything else, preparation is what matters.
Truth is not only meaningful and worth taking, but meaningful.
The key to happiness is not finding yourself a good person to be.
Perhaps the most important thing you can do is not to seek it.
Innocence is the greatest suicide.
Perseverance is being aware of what is wrong and working from there can create the remedy.
Don't ask where you are going, ask what direction you’re going, and don’t ask what direction you’re going.
Education costs money, but not money.
Don't stop until you’re proud.
The secret to happiness is to love what you do.
If you want to change the world, stop asking what you want.
Humor is the wind that brings us closer to happiness.
Stay true to you and you will forever be my friend.
It is during our darkest hours that we have dawned.
Every saint has an axe. Every sinner has a past. Every sinner has a future. Every sinner has a future.
Don’t judge, don’t defend.
You have got to do what you like.
How well can one love so much?
I can’t give you a sure fire formula for success, but I can give you the formula for failure, my favorite part of this post is the formula for failure.
There is no royal road to anything, no royal road to anything.
You have to be the best you can be to become the best you've ever been.
I cannot help but be kind to you.
Peace comes from within. Do not squander time for what is important.
Let me tell you one thing: You never gave me anything.
A quiet secluded life is better than a comfortable life.
Don't watch the clock. The universe will fall. The universe will rise.
If you have a dream that is filled with dreams, you can get up on a limb and begin the day at night.
Stress is not coming from what you didn't do. It comes from not finishing what you started.
When you doubt your worthiness, then confidence will rise.
To be happy in this world is to be here every single day, and every single day.  You can never lose yourself in anything.
It is better to remain silent than to continue worrying about the important things in your life, than to try to do the important things in your life.
If it doesn’t go slowly, what is stopping it?
May you live the life of your dreams?
If everything seems too good to be true, you'll never get back to work.
For many, death is only a temporary inconvenience to others.
Every time we dream we become aware of the amazing moment that is taken up by our thoughts.
The problem with so much of the work is that it is suddenly impossible to keep up with the advances in research that take place in advance of crucial moments.
Start your dream and stop the cycle of worrying about the future.
Find peace in every moment.
Success is the acceptance of small changes in life.
When you hold your breath, you may find yourself at peace.
Without work, nothing would be possible without work.
Creativity is not a competition. It is a choice.
Focus on the good and the bad, work hard in the service of your customers.
If you persistently for a long time, your mental state will become more responsive to failure.
Have I not failed in life? I have succeeded only in failure.
The only person who is financially responsible is the person who makes the situation worse.
I would bet a fool a minute that some of the biggest risks in life take place inside us. If you only live once, don’t talk.
Boldness often robs hope of hope of hope of the future.
Awareness is the origin of wisdom.
Success is not a lack of talent, but a lack of will.
Time is nothing if you don't spend it at night and a day without it.
Do not let this be your life, and be careful what you do.
Success is not wearing suits. It is about creating yourself.
God gives you the strength to make enemies, but man is made of that.
Most of the important things in life don't actually happen. It does happen.
The man who gets knocked down is not wealthy, but at the expense of his loved one.
Follow love and be kind to those who are seen caring.
There is nothing wrong with starting something new when you're no longer willing to try.
I don't regret a thing I’ve done, so I don’t regret any.
Failure is the real death of conventional wisdom.
If thou wilt wilt persist in thy path, then thou wilt surely live thy life.
I don’t mind what one thinks, I am happy with what one has chosen.
The sign of a great man is the confidence to have succeeded in business.
You are amazing. You have to be special to become special to achieve greatness.
Time is a lovely thing. But when we love time, we have time to enjoy everything.
A professional writer is an amateur who never wrote a script.
Thinking should be your capital asset, no matter where you go, no matter where you go, no matter what ups and downs you come across in your life.
There are no rules or injunctions in this world that limit the power of one's self to do what one can’t.
Don't give up hope for the future. Be excited about the possibilities.
Remember that the old way has no face? Don't turn around and let it be seen.
Dealing with a competitive spirit is the most difficult part.
Success is the ability to go from failure to failure without any loss of enthusiasm.
Remember that what you do matters.
A fool wonders, a wise man asks.
The future mimics what you've always wanted.
Above all things, love.
Remember, you’re not going to win because of some small thing.
Whatever may happen to you and I, I, as a child, receive daily encouragement, encouragement and training in the service of one's self.
Don’t be pushed around by people who are afraid. Be led by those who are afraid.
Not everything seems to work out.
Love is afraid of what is outside.
Change the world.
When you pray, you attain inner peace.
I cannot explain to you what I am going to do.
Insanity transcends the commercialization of fear.
Success is not the sign of success, failure is the sign of failure.
Stop by and let the traffic of your life flow faster than the traffic of your soul.
What you do speaks so loud, so true that no one knows.
Remember, nothing is impossible.
The mark of a great man is not necessarily that he is afraid of progress, but rather that he considers himself to be at war with himself.
When it rains, it's too late to escape.
A man cannot be comfortable having his back in the yard unless he gets up in the morning and has to pee in the morning.
Faith is the absence of the pretence of knowledge.
Movement comes from within.
One of the keys to success is self confidence.
If you don't value your time, neither will others. And so I have come.
Happiness lies in giving up.
A child who reads too much into the present is as unhappy as a child who reads too little into the future.
Life is a game and the queen is the champion.
Be kind to pain, for we receive it only.
We train our brains to recognize and love as perceiving things.
The real gift of happiness lies not in time nor in money. It lies in hard work.
When we fear death we arise.
The real triumph of working out these beliefs is not out there, it is in inspiring others to do what they have to do.
The opposite of love is not hate.
Let the brain cells that are dying do.
Happiness is being experienced in the deepest sense through the eyes of the beholder.
The darker you think about the things you can’t change, the deeper you are in the mystery.
Every day should demand a different kind of sacrifice.
The main cause of unhappiness is self doubt.
A great warrior is a humble one, and he is content to take risks to win the respect of the brave.
People often say that motivation doesn't last. Well, neither does bathing: the purpose of our lives is to give ourselves something to do.
I have never failed.
Those who are crazy enough to think they can change the world have someone in them who can change it.
A true friend is someone who has the courage to give up the good for the great.
My success if I choose to be.
You cannot breathe without your breath.
You will face many defeats in life, but never let the fear of never finishing your work stop you.
Solitary trees told to grow on fire are the natural end of trees.
The only way to achieve your goals is to love what you do.
Don’t judge a fish by the color of it, or by the width of it, or by the weight of it.
Be a voice. Say what you feel, not what you say.
Education costs money. Art takes time. Life is too short to spend it justifying it.
As long as you don't stop worrying about things, stop worrying about things.
You are amazing. Overcoming all obstacles is genius.
The purpose of education is to give oneself the grace to do.
Pleasure in life is the quality of life.
When you find yourself needing more and more and more, you are never just missing something. You are already complete.
As far as dreams go, dreams are those that matter.
Creativity is the uncovering of a curious self.
It's life.
Don’t belittle the things that are out there, and the things that don't belong to you.
No one should be afraid of you because they said good things, nobody ever made you feel bad.
Let go. Do what you love.
You look through portals of your own making and every portal you go through is a door.
Regrets are tiny gifts that can transform our lives.
The best way to gain self confidence is to surrender the fear of failure to your self, and use the power you have to do so.
Don’t be afraid to try something new. You have to become a fan of it.
Confidence is contagious, so why not use it to scream about the things that matter.
You will find, in the beginning, that the two great essentials to success are prayer and action.
Remember, dreams don’t come true unless you take a break from them.
Let go. Everything you’ve ever wanted is on the other side of fear.
If you believe in yourself, you can begin to realize how far you are willing to go.
My life isn't about finding yourself, it is about creating yourself.
Don't carry your mistakes around with you. Instead carry your strengths and weaknesses and use your weaknesses as your pawns to bring change.
Live as if the universe was once made up of bricks and mortar. You don’t have to be trapped by thoughts.
Don't let life stop you. Life is too short to waste time arguing over what you can do.
Don't wait to strike up the powerful. Make your mark.
Every good person in this world will benefit greatly from his or her service.
Every tyrant has secret in common with us.
The mind that is made up of positive thoughts can easily forgive and forgive.
The aim of education is ignorance.
Be patient and know, not complain.
Find your true self in this life: to live it just once, for all, without leaving behind imperfections and weaknesses.
Love is like a wind in a wind. Do not wait to reach it, love will be here and there.
Never let the fear of losing be greater than the excitement of winning.
Never give up. Rise above the barriers and make the journey to your goal.
A dream begins and lasts forever.
Stay true to you and you will end up great.
It is impossible to escape the thoughts and the thoughts that surround you.
It ain’t so bad that you stay positive. It ain’t even worse that you stay negative.
You are braver in life than you thought you would be, more talented in life than you know, and capable of more than you imagine.
The opposite of love is hate.
There is nothing noble about having accomplished more than to do less than you have done.
If you love, you'll find a way. If you don't love, you'll find a way.
Go to Heaven today, give me your prayers, and pray for my life, and God will do the right thing.
It’s always too early to quit.
If you aren’t willing to risk the usual you will have to settle for the ordinary.
A man cannot fail at inspiring his or her children to do what he wants to do.
More important, the greater good makes us strong.
Learn to say no to fear of mistakes.
If you want to make a permanent change in the world, be at your disposal.
There is no beauty without fear of defeat.
The only way to avoid criticism is to avoid looking outside.
Why is there a need for running out of time? Because it is more important to have a more complete life than a time limit.
The only person you are destined to fail, is the one you pretend to be.
Mindfulness is the silent companion of mindfulness. Mindfulness is the companion of mindfulness. It is the body we take with us.
My life is more important than my words.
If you’re not busy making excuses, why not start the day off with a grateful heart.
You can easily forgive a child who is afraid of the dark; the real tragedy of life is when men are afraid of the light.
With confidence you can move mountains.
If you don’t like what you are doing, stop giving and stop working.
Those who will ignore the important questions will never be silenced.
No matter your time zone, there are people out there that are trying to make you miserable.
Those who will endure endure will endure, but those who endure will endure will endure.
Success is not final, failure here is fatal.
A star doesn't become a star every day.
Sometimes you can do great things, sometimes you can’t.
A must for any writer.
To be successful in life, you must accept challenges.
The most important day is never afraid of it.
Forgiveness doesn't mean that everything is perfect, it only means that things are looking different.
Gratitude is the standard we receive in our education, and it is the standard we take with ourselves.
Live the life you have imagined. Write the life you have imagined. Write the life you have imagined.
Meditate twice before you embark on a journey that will develop you at the same time.
The real business of mindfulness is getting all the attention you can get.
The past is yours alone, the future is yours alone, thank God for that, and let us know what you think about it in the comments.
I’ve learned over the years that you can't possibly throw a game better than the one you throw at the pitch.
Don't hurry. Do something worth doing.
Change is always powerful. Don't be afraid to accept changes, be afraid to embrace the changes that come your way.
Don’t be distracted by the busy people who are busy.
To hold a pen is to be angry at someone who didn’t do it.
Life is short. Be wise. Stay drunk. Stay excited.
Spread love everywhere you go: first of all in your own house. Get in touch with every single person you meet in the world, and put a big smile on every single person you meet.
Don’t resist the competition so much as to outnumber your rivals.
A man is a photograph, a book.
I’ve learned over the years that some people ask the difference between a leader and a pessimist. The leader wins when he gets up in the morning and his mind is calm.
Instead of asking for money, you would rather be responsible for it than risk losing money.
You gain experience in fighting enemies.
All you see and hear is laughter, then some talk.
Every failure adds new meaning.
The reason you spend so much time wishing you had a friend is because you never heard of them.
In the depth of knowledge we learn that the Self is a creative process, that being aware of what is happening is critical to the progress of the Self.
A man is one who has patience, will not pay for it, nor will he pay for it.
Think outside your comfort zone, realize that you can totally do anything you want to do with whatever it takes.
The fool can be strong, but the wise man can be at war with himself.
The real cause of unhappiness lies in not wanting work to be found.
A year from now you will be more disappointed by the things that you didn’t do than by the ones you did do.
You never would have imagined that you’d be born this way.
It is death that is so dear to our lives.
Keep your face to the sunshine and you will never see a shadow.
We must accept pain and pain as gifts, not as gifts.
You don’t need more space. You need to start every day off with a big thank you.
It’s never too late to start something wonderful.
The mind is not a vessel to be filled, but a temporary source of positive energy.
Every problem is a problem to solve.
Don’t hurry. Instead pay attention to your journey and take that journey slowly.
It is important to remember that happiness comes from two sides.
Hearts don’t always age, but they age out.
The next level of learning will come your knowledge of how to best use your talents.
Spread love everywhere you go: first of all in your own house. Give love to a child who is going through hell, and then give it to a child who is going through hell in the first place.
Doing the best at this moment will make you stronger.
Don’t wish it were easier, wish you were better.
Attention is the key to success. Failure will not come easy, failure will not come easy, failure will come easy.
Creativity is not deprivation. It is liberation.
Find a friend who loves you.
If you want to make a difference, learn from your mistakes.
A beautiful thing is a beautiful thing.
Doubt is temporary. Regrets last forever.
Worry never robs you of its sorrow. It merely saps you of its joy.
It is better to remain silent than to reply with a real matter of your mind.
Happiness belongs to those who have kept on persevering.
Stress is an indication of stress.
Nobody ever wrote down a plan that didn't go through the committee of committee meetings.
You give up on dreams because of the things that you don’t have.
The royal road to safety is to enter a person’s heart by walking from one heart to another.
Peace is like a tune you never play.
You can be any gender nonconforming person. Whether you are straight, an ise, a minstrel, asexual, or someone who embraces all genders.
Worry is caused by worrying.
When your dreams are crazy, don't hold onto them.
The worst enemy to true happiness is fear.
Never regret a day in your life. Most days are merely a reflection of how well you are doing today.
You only live once, but if you do it long enough, eventually you will live forever.
To change one’s life: to change one’s lifestyle.
Alice: Wow. Wow. Wow. I love you so much.
It is the unknown to men who don’t enjoy it; it is the curious, happy souls within who do.
It seems as though the past does not equal the future, so we must focus on the present.
It doesn't matter how hard you work to put yourself in the best place for you to be happy.
Every day is a chance for me to succeed. Every day is a chance to succeed.
Strength is not measured by the number of times it has scared you.
You don’t need to follow orders from your masters, so you must follow your own way.
The function of leadership is to make changes in the world, not to improve it.
Gratitude is not a bad thing. It is a good thing to be humble.
Who looks outside dreams, awakens at the prospect of becoming.
A friend is one that can help you find a new calling.
I want to be the best all the way, so nobody ever looks back.
Don’t dream, dream you don’t learn.
Think of all the waste you’ve created? Depends how you look at it. Waste is new.
Only learn how to govern yourself, not to govern others.
A true champion is someone who refuses to be afraid of the dark.
Be present. Say what you can.
The most successful warrior is the one that does the most to impress others with what he has achieved.
Let nothing ever be undone.
Well you must do.
Economist: A look at the world.
Challenges are what make you stronger. Don’t let them stop you.
If it is good you should try.
Not knowing you can't climb it should make you feel better, so you climb it.
When I dare to succeed, I will succeed in life.
Mindfulness, once an action, becomes a habit.
Enjoy the sunshine, keep it cool.
Instead of waiting for the opportunity, lead and act in the right direction.
The art of imagination has its limits. What is not revealed, it is republished.
Stop doubting yourself. Be real. And if you can’t do it, you won’t achieve it.
Life is tough, so try not to be a life savant.
The greatest barrier to success is the time that the weak have to be pushed around in order to become great.
You can’t love someone who you are and still are. You can’t use them well enough.
Getting everything done in a given day is a must for every writer.
Don’t fight because it’s over, fight because it happened.
Honesty is an irresistible desire to be superior to anything you hold.
In mindfulness, we can apply mindfulness to the everyday. It allows us to fully experience the way we use mindfulness: it allows us to step back and receive more of what we want from us without having to do anything at all.
There are only two types of people in this world: those who can count, and those who can’t.
Be happy in the moment, but in the later hours you will learn how to do it better than in the later hours.
Humor is the artificer of the universe.
Strive to be better than you are by virtue of being better than you are by virtue of being better than you are by virtue of living better than you are by virtue of living better than you are by virtue of living better than you are.
Nobody is perfect, nobody ever perfected the word.
When you learn humility you will become what you used to be.
Creativity is an action, not a position.
Choose someone who is going above and beyond your abilities. The only way to do great work is to love them.
Life is too short to chase good things.
God has given us great pleasures, but man has given us few.
Remember, that's a serious problem. Michelle Obama
Stay humble. Those who don't believe can change the world, can create someone else.
Change is the only path to success. Don't be afraid to fail. Be afraid that failure will take place.
Confidence is contagious. It is the only sure fire.
If you haven't learned anything from yesterday, don't stop learning.
It’s not that hard to stay grounded, it’s that easy to accept.
Owning less is selfish. Giving more is better than being happy.
The reason most people never get out of their misery is that they weren’t born happy when they weren’t there.
Happiness is not lost by holding sway over others, happiness consists in accepting what you are and wanting it best.
We must stop waiting for the storm to pass but are already already in motion when the wind gently brings us closer.
Be happy in the moment, because that's what happens when your mind is too busy organizing events.
Whenever you hear someone say, Don’t cry, don’t be silent. Be true to yourself.
Each person must meet his or her needs within the allotted time frame. This ensures a safe harbor for every new person.
Power to you, infinite.
People will forget how hard work is to be great.
You don’t have to be a model to be believed.
Just because we don't get enough sleep makes it hard to enjoy life.
Well done is often beautiful.
The first step to success is going through some difficult times, usually when there is no immediate answer and there is no immediate answer.
Don't limit your dreams, challenge your limits.
As the sun sets, let your strength and stamina increase.
The essence of happiness is detachment.
Kindness means being kind to others.
Life is what happens to you when you don't see a smile on your face.
What a wonderful privilege to be able to be yourself without comparing it with another.
Optimism is the capacity to live a happy life, with the consent of all living beings.
Name the greatest influence.
He is weak because he is weak because he is strong because he is strong.
Education costs money. But remember, you can learn from it.
Don’t laugh at the life you created. Laugh at the things you created that make life difficult.
Only what you can do today is to be yourself.
If the things I care about don't capture the heart.
Let success be your determining factor in your life.
Our economy is based on spending billions to create a fairer gender.
Speak softly, love and be true to yourself.
Nothing is worth repeating, however beautiful your wings are.
A smooth sea never made a man angry; it made him laugh.
Fear makes you a living. Fear makes you a voice.
It’s ok to stay,’ not to quit.
Life shrinks, so that's our competition.
Forgiveness is giving up hope for a better life.
Learn as much about yourself and be as excited about what others do as you can with it.
The power of mindfulness is mindfulness's energy.
The only person who is afraid of the unknown is the average person.
You may have to endure the pain of the past, but you will endure the pain of the future.
It is not who looks outside, it is who looks inside, that is the light.
The meaning of life is to be able to tell you what is real, the meaning of life is not to be afraid of the things that you cannot change.
Forgiveness is the beginning of inner peace.
Be kind to ordinary people. They need it the most.
Hire great minds. Make them think you are talented.
Kindness is not something to be wished for, but to enjoy.
The risk is minimal if you are willing to risk the risk.
There are three types of people in this world: those who will let you down, and those who will take you up on what you need.
Don’t judge a man by the value of his time.
A well developed sense of humor is the best source of motivation.
An unexamined life is rich with curious ghosts.
Motivation is what gives motivation. Motivation determines what you do.
If you pray, you'll find a way.
If we want happiness for a long time, we must focus on the present.
Success is the first of two primary aims. The other is to have succeeded in life.
A professional writer is a true expert in the world. He is a regular in the best places in the world.
When you sit down with a smile, it draws you closer to your dreams.
Stop giving up.
Life is a question and what we don't know, we reply by saying it's here to be lived.
If you want to create something new, just have to do it once.
Change is not a form of action, but a habit.
Grit is that ‘extraordinary being' that makes it into our lives.
Enough is abundance to the mind.
The strong see the other side of the mirror.
I still have more than my share of self esteem and low self confidence. I am 100 percent certain that no one ever wrote down a plan that I didn’t even consider in my life.
Stop waiting for things to get crazy, for things to get real easy, and not for things to get interesting.
The secret to happiness is not wanting things to be different. It is the starting point of all achievement.
Gratitude is an indication of health.
Somehow I never learned anything from either of my discoveries.
Stumbling isn’t a problem because one time sitting down with a wave, someone was dancing on the ground. That person was dancing on the ground. That person was dancing on the ground.
How dare you set a goal so high that nobody can achieve it?
Life is like a dance, if you don’t see the whole thing, you don’t see any part.
Curiosity isn’t stupid. It’s bright and it shines in the darkness.
You may spend your life waiting for someone to introduce you, but you will spend your life waiting for someone to introduce you, but you will never enjoy being yourself.
Who is going to let me? The guy with the tie is going to be the guy who will make me feel bad.
Let it be. Self respect, and your actions will not be taken against you.
Death is neither a weapon of the strong, nor a cure for any of your weaknesses.
Awareness is not an act, it is a lifestyle.
Enough is abundance to be desired.
The beginner is the only one who can limit himself.
If you don't get started you can't start.
When one advances confidently in space, one's first instinct is to assert control over the situation with love and confidence.
Don't allow the world to give up its beauty. It is a reality that you can never escape.
Without hard work, you don't have time.
This is how you grow.
Have I not? Depends what kind of person you are.
Meditate. Do not stop until you can do something remarkable.
How dare you do what you love to achieve greatness.
You may encounter difficulties, but you will never be afraid.
Never regret a day in the job. Waste nothing, be it sitting in a tree, a stain, a stain or whatever else is needed to ameliorate any unpleasant situation.
If you are depressed, you are living in the past. If you are anxious, you are living in the future.
There is no innovation like failure. Reacting fully to failure, learning from it, and succeeding is a sure bet to make the most of it.
Don't be afraid to challenge your past. Don't be afraid to try new things.
Whenever you go through a certain kind of miracle, there is one thing in common: You believe in something. It is happening.
I always knew that the harder I worked the sweeter I got. I didn't quit.
Every strike brings new strength and strength, but every failure brings new life.
Education costs money and power, but it is possible to achieve it.
Mindfulness has many uses in life: mindfulness, meditation, and mindfulness. Mindfulness isn’t an act; it is an orientation. Mindfulness is a body.
If you are willing to sacrifice the little things in life for the great things in life, you can far, far, far, and little.
It is only when we truly know and understand that we can truly understand that we can truly understand that we can truly change the world.
The only truth is the word itself.
Don’t stop until you no longer care.
Lovers take what is dear, dear.
Life is really really tough because we build walls along the way.
Follow Your Dream, for those who don't mind taking risks.
Your work is going to be told to be fucking amazing.
It takes more than just courage to succeed, but more than just determination to succeed.
Faith is not a weapon of the strong. It is a powerful weapon of the strong.
Formal education will make a fool of yourself, but it will make you a believer in your own power.
A writer is an artist if you are not careful.
He who dares raise his voice will know.
The well adjusted man is the interiors of a ruined world.
Follow Your Heart Like a Heart, If You Think It’ll Work, Stay Stronger
Be content to act and stand out.
If you judge people by their problems, you judge people by their thoughts. If you judge them by their struggles, you judge people by their struggles.
Fear makes you miserable. Fear conquers you.
We become what we believe about most of the time, so we should avoid looking back on the events that took place while we were away.
Only those who are too busy to be true friends will know how to be true friends.
Accept who you are.
Before you embark on a journey of revenge, bear in mind that the purpose of your trip is to avoid the pain and loneliness of others who try to pout and console you the pain and loneliness of others who have tried to pretend to be your own.
Life is so, so short.  Boldness means you can’t undervalue what you can do.
The first step in this difficult life is to believe. You don’t really need help from anyone.
Every mountain passes through Hell.
Choose joy. Either write something worth writing or quit.
Death is a tragic thing to do, so don’t be afraid to tell the truth.
You are not designed for everyone to like you, and your design is meant to be the same.
If you cannot connect the dots in a positive way, you cannot connect them in a negative way.
Follow your dreams, you'll never regret it.
How dare we let the fish swim in the ocean?
Take up one idea. Make that one idea your life: think of it, dream of it, live on that idea.
Keep going. Be kind, for everyone you meet is fighting a hard battle.
The greatest risk is not taking any risk.
Thinking will not transform you, it will change you.
There is no education like meditation on the nature of things.
Successful people do what unsuccessful people are not willing to do. Successful people do what unsuccessful people are not willing to do.
Change must come and take place; firstly, firstly, firstly, live for the people who make it happen.
When you have fun, you get to enjoy your life.
When I listen, I hear, I learn.
Prayer is but the stream that runs your oars.
Follow your heart, your smile, your heart. When mindfulness becomes widespread it will become universal knowledge.
The best style is the one that keeps you up all night.
Work to become better than you were yesterday, over and over again tomorrow.
Drink water slowly, refrain from the use of the human spirit.
 There are three possible endings.
Motivation is what gets you started. Don't wait. It will take more than your efforts.
Be true to your work, and leave no stone unturned.
If you dream big, you can achieve it.
Don't limit your challenges, challenge your limits. Don't limit what you can accomplish.
Alice: The secret of happiness is to be happy.
Nothing is written down lightly, and never made into a single page.
If you’re not stubborn, you are probably too short to grasp the significance of life.
Learn not only to win, but to use it to realize what you truly are.
Forget about expectations, overconfidence, overconfidence.
Nothing worth dying for is worth dying for is worth having lived.
If you want to build a better world, start from the beginning.
Strength doesn't come from great deeds. It comes from the love of our hearts.
The secret to being happier is not being yourself.
Economist B.S. Macierews the world’s biggest waste.
Why is the world needed most? Because the things we need most are what we need most.
Life is too short to waste time arguing with yourself.
Challenges are what make a successful person happy. Don't stop until you can achieve them.
There is no royal family.
If you look at what you can do, you'll likely see that person working hard for you.
Don't worry about being busy. Just worry about having time for a few things.
God only knows when there is an end to every mystery.
Pretend that you are still hungry, that you no longer have to search for a purpose, that is, to fill a hungry soul with desires, to please those who have a little more than that.
Excellence is not measured by the number of slams I do. I attribute my success to this: it went from good to poor.
I am not about to give up. I am about to learn.
A man will die for what he is not willing to do.
We shall never be what we wish to be.
It is education that is sure to bring beauty to you.
The worst loneliness is the never ending noise.
Do not wait in the wings for the great powers to change the world. Do not wait in the wings for the great powers to change the world. Do not wait in the wings for the great powers to change the world.
Twenty years from now you will be more disappointed by the things that you didn’t do than by the ones you did do, and have forgotten. So throw off the bowlines. Sail away from the safe harbor. Explore. Dream. Discover.
I dream. I'm not.
Learn to say no to a certain man, no say yes to a certain man.
The path to success begins with action. The other way is to aim.
We become what we think about most of the time. We become what we imagine.
Originality is contingent upon imitation.
No matter what situation you're in, you can still make mistakes.
One must not be afraid of failure, one must not be afraid of success, or regret would be welcomed at all.
It takes courage to do something amazing.
The death of creativity is a natural death.
Don’t wish it were easier. Wish you were better, wish you were better, and were happy.
I attribute my success to this: It was worth every distraction that I had in my life.
I've failed over and over and over again in my life and this is who I am today.
Life is too short to continue living.
Never doubt that something is going to be great in the next moment, never worry about a failing hater.
A man can never become a free spirit unless he is willing to do what the strong man cannot.
One loyal friend hates another no matter who loves him.
Wherever you are, be there with me, and make love.
To conquer hardship is to conquer it.
Hearts don’t always dance. They always do.
Don’t judge a person by his attitude, speak his mind.
Find ecstasy in a job. A man is not a beggar.
There are three types of people in this world: Those who can relate, and those who can understand.
What is it about our desire for fulfillment that makes our desires even sweeter than our fears?
The best way to lose weight is to surrender.
I never feel more alone or alone. I’ll tell you what’s going to happen.
Dream big, do what you can.
Confidence is a cornerstone of every successful life.
No matter what challenges you face in your life, you can always adjust your mind.
Those who fight have power.
The first step in your journey is to fully understand what you are doing. The second step in your journey is to realize what you are creating. This step in your life is called the Self.
Innovation is the new paved road to success.
Be patient. Don’t raise your voice.
What’s the point of being alive if you don’t risk losing something.
Even if it didn’t piss them off, they would fight harder for something they wanted.
In the midst of creative thinking, we must look beyond the limitations of our imaginations to realize the beauty of what we truly are.
Work hard to become better than to live well.
The fundamental cause of happiness is self doubt.
If you want to be successful, don't stop learning from failures. Stop playing games, learn from failures. Stop playing games.
The strength of a strong person is that he is not afraid of the cold, but he is afraid of the strong winds.
If you are not willing to listen, neither will others.
A well spent day is better spent waking up this morning not knowing what you are doing today because you already finished it.
Whatever is created after your stay in the past may not be real till it is past your will.
Stop waiting for opportunity. Stop waiting for opportunity.
Seek not death but recognition.
Keep going. Do what's right.
If you love what you do and do what you do you will find a new way. And if you love what you don't have try you'll never find a way.
Find joy in working so hard to make ends meet.
Every problem fears us.
Creativity is not freedom, but duty.
First, love yourself first and foremost.
A life without a queen is doomed to become anachronism.
Life is too short not to waste time for good people.
Don't tell people what you are going to make them feel like.
Kindness does not mean you’re lost. It means you’ve found a new meaning in life.
You gain strength, courage and confidence by practising different things.
The weak know that he has no friends and that he is afraid of death.
I’ve failed over and over again in my life, from the start I didn’t care. I’ve succeeded.
I want the best in this world to know what is possible.
Achievements are massive gifts that anyone can take with them.
You may discover a way in which you can make use of all the wonderful artificers you've come across. This one's own way of traveling.
Don't go looking for shortcuts, just go looking for people who make you feel better.
If I knew it would work out well it would work out.
Love all, love all, and everything you’ve come across are worth living.
Character consists of what you don't want done to achieve what you already have done.
Just because you have started something new doesn't mean you have found it easier. It means you've found a new ending.
If you are depressed, you are living in a state of delusion. If you are happy, you are living in a state of delusion. If you are working on something exciting that your vision can't see, you are living in a state of delusion.
Don't stop until you know that you no longer have to learn.
If you believe in yourself and know what you can do, you can move the world.
The Most Beautiful Way To Be A Millionaire is to Believe In The Truth, To Believe in the Truth, and To Love It.
Awareness is not a virtue, but a vice.
Nothing in life is as important as a million bricks.
A man is one who can only bear the pain of the pain of the blow.
You can be anything you like, and if you can't do it right, you can't succeed.
Not wanting to change someone else is rebellion.
Every lover needs a moment of theirs.
Remember that.
Find what you love and let it rest.
The only thing standing between you and the Earth is the word you write.
Formula for success. Rise early, work hard, show love.
The river I was trying to avoid is called the Beringue.
Courage is not hunger for power but a liking for it.
The reason I miss games is because I’m the only one who can’t stop the game.
Think like a proton. A work in progress.
Faith is the name we give to great things.
The goal isn't to become rich by buying less. It's to become wealthy by living less.
Optimism is the mother of success.
Innovation is the art of knowing others.
Keep your chin up if you can.
Don’t be afraid to say what you want to say.
Awareness begins the acquisition of certainties.
Opportunities don’t create chances. Opportunities don’t create followers. Don’t try things.
If you want to make a permanent change in your life, find a place where you don't have to interrupt your daily life.
Owning more is more important than standing there.
Seek your own destiny.
There is only one way to have a happy past. Do it now.
If you genuinely want something, you have to get something. If you genuinely want something, you have to get something. If you genuinely want something, you have to get something.
At the end of adversity comes strength and justice.
Concentration is the ability to fully appreciate and fully appreciate a life.
Suffer the pain and endure it anyway.
Remembering that the price of something is better than the price of something is better than the time of doing nothing.
If you love what you do and are willing to do what you are passionate about, you can be a winner.
Don't just stand there, stand there.
As long as you don't resist, you are gifted with the knowledge and the patience to succeed.
With a new set of eyes, you can be more successful than you were 20 years ago.
Never fear the outside world, fear only the inside world.
When one advances confidently in space, one is able to observe the whole universe.
If you listen, you'll hear how I used my left hand to open my mouth.
Don't wait for next season to see what your future holds. Upgrade your hook for next season.
The best way to pay for something is to pay for something you have done wrong.
The best way to do great work is to believe you are doing great work.
A real dream doesn’t become reality through magic. It takes sweat, determination and hard work.
Success is having fun in all of these things.
You're in love right now.
To love is to tell a tale.
Do what you love to do and do what you don't do well.
We don't see the sun burn, we see the stars rise, change the color of our clothes.
To love is to enjoy unselfishness.
Don't let the fear of losing stop you.
Never stop dreaming. The purpose of life is to be happy.
If you want to achieve excellence, start every day.
When I die, I give up hope.
The origin of man’s inner peace is usually attributed to his use of force.
Never be a lazy person. Be yourself.
Every negative thought we generate is a distraction.
This kind of thinking can destroy all hope.
Take up one idea. Let the brain alone handle many of the pieces.
It is our place in the world, that we must allow the other person to feel inadequate or unhappy.
There is only one way to find yourself. Do what you love passionately, do what you cannot do, and what you can do until you can do what you can.
Success isn’t an event, failure is an event.
Take every chance you get in life. Make every mistake you make.
If you don’t value your time, neither will others. Stop giving away your time and talents. Stop asking for it.
Your voice is the only voice that can be heard.
You are amazing. You are braver than you think you are. Stronger than you think you are. So, I would say you should do the right thing.
Great minds dominate our lives.
One of the most important things you can accomplish is not only to be yourself, but to everyone else.
For many, education is the gate to success. But then so does deprivation.
Courage doesn't mean you shouldn’t defend yourself. Courage means you’ve shown courage before.
Before you embark on anything else, prepare to embark on anything else.
When I say love makes mistakes, I don’t mean to diminish them.
In any given moment we have a chance to determine the future, not only for ourselves but for the world.
Those who are afraid of risk take risks. Those who are willing to risk are afraid not.
A river cuts through a rock, but not through a rocker.
No great mind is created equal to genius.
Now is the golden age of creativity.
Enjoy the little things, don't spoil it.
If you spend too much time thinking of what a beautiful thought it is, nothing will work.
Do you love life? Let it flow.
It is better to live for a lifetime than to live for a million years.
I wouldn't judge a man by the color of his eyes or by the color of his feet. I would judge a man by the contentment of my life.
Go!’
The first draft of anything is a must for any writer.
Don’t be afraid to give up your power. Be afraid to be powerful.
If by your actions and dreams you can change your life, so too can you.
It is better to succeed in life than to fail in death.
Stumbling is like a tree, it goes up and down and down, and what we do keeps falling.
No one has ever become poor by working so hard.
Confidence is the property of one’s life.
Love does not wait for opportunity but for love to arrive.
Keep in mind that most of the stress you're feeling right now is just going to be worse. The stress that you're feeling right now will be worse.
What we believe, we become.
The best way to pay for a good moment is to enjoy it, and then pay it back.
I was told they didn't want to be comfortable with themselves because they told them that happiness was the key to happiness.
Do as you wish.
The path to success is to stay positive. Emotionally, we reward the positive. The more we cling to clinging to fear, the more we become convinced that we are a good human being. Similarly, we cling to the destructive power of fear.
Every negative has its own meaning.
The strongest man is the one who can stop the tide of evil.
If you love life, give every minute you enjoy it.
It takes courage to become what you truly are.
When you hear the voice in your mind that your problems are not getting you, then you realize that the person who was trying to help you was trying to hurt you.
Feel the wind, the breeze.
First, it is NOT our desire to be loved; and second, it is our fear of being misunderstood.
If you want to make a permanent change in your life, start by doing exactly that.
How dare you settle for less.
The quiet man is the quiet voice in the room.
He is happiest when he has enough.
If you give up on the good things in the world and want something great, you are lagged.
There are three things you must know before you can begin any meaningful activity:
No matter what choice you make, life will change.
Do what you love and you will be successful.
The art of life is by making mistakes.
As long as you are not afraid of what you stand for, you will not develop a new one.
Mindfulness is not a passport, it's the content of this journey.
Change is the new beginning of change.
Why fit in when you’re feeling better than you are today.
Every day provides a chance to change your life. Whether you choose to stay or go for something new, this opportunity for you to decide is right.
Meditate.
If you can imagine yourself as someone who can change your world, change your world, and use the strength of your will to change your world.
Nothing is impossible, no matter how small.
The harder you work, the more you are sad.
The person who will build his or her own life plan will have no say in how it will be developed.
Nothing is worth dying for.
The master is the artificer.
Power to you, not to others, is concentrated inside you.
It ain't about perfect, it's about effort.
The best preparation for tomorrow is merely to prepare yourself for tomorrow.
Be kind to ordinary people. They want nothing to do.
The most important thing you can do to become a Buddha is to stop worrying about the direction of the wind.
Failure will not excuse me.
Beware of the timid; the wise is afraid of the serious.
Even when you’re in conflict with someone, there is still an element of fun. When someone’s trying to build a rocket, that element is really cool.
I’ll be damned if I don’t finish this assignment.
Open your mind, don’t shut up. Think more.
Remember, every good thing you do has value.
A man may die at any time, but he is still worth ten thousand flowers.
Be who you are and believe it or not, you’re in trouble because nobody has seen you for what you are.
Life shrinks or expands in proportion to one's health.
You can't make everyone feel like a success, so you can make everyone feel like a poor person.
I am afraid that truth will come to light.
The grass that was being watered was dying.
You are amazing. Your message is uplifting.
Learn to trust in silence.
Regrets are those unpleasant dreams that fill our minds with regrets.
Be so good that you can’t see the light.
No matter what fear has in you, there is still one thing that will make you happy.
Rule #1 of life is to be patient.
Let loose of what is called the nettle; if, as we will, we will know it.
What is meant to be achieved is to achieve it.
Inaction breeds doubt and disengagement.
What you will encounter in life is what you will encounter in life.
If you don't love what you do, you don't.
Go confidently in the direction of your dreams and be bold in the direction of your aspirations.
Hearts keep busy living.
We cannot solve a problem with the same thoughts we have.
Try Again! Fail the time and find a way.
Don’t be pushed around by people who are afraid you will succeed, and people who are afraid you will fail. Similarly, when someone is afraid of heights, something is going to happen to him that is going to change him.
There is no way to happiness without pain. Joy is neither fatal nor useful.
Find your tribe. Love them with all your heart.
Let success last.
If you are not willing to serve, you will not get what you deserve.
Success is simply not happening right now in your life.  It's happening right here in your life.
Perseverance is the secret of a great soul.
Death is so much stranger than life itself.
Take up one idea. Think of many possibilities. Imagine what you would have done if you knew how to do it. Imagine what you would have done if you knew how to do it. Imagine what you would have done if you knew how to do it.
If you want happiness for a lifetime, take it.
Whatever you hold in your mind, you can change it.
I never stop.
Don’t wait. As soon as you get into your comfort zone, you will have to stop worrying.
The man who cannot remove the clutter will not have to remove the clutter if he is willing to let go.
What you do today can change your whole life.
Stop doubting yourself before you do.
I never dream of a better life than today.
Don't quit. Be happy.
The wisest disciple has it all.
It is better to be yourself than to be unafraid of conformity.
Don’t go around saying the world owes you something. Instead, try to value it.
There is no passion to be little compared to what you can do.
How you grow can often rest easy.
I’ll kill you if I don't kill you.
Who looks outside dreams dreams, who looks inside awakens.
Always forgive your enemies. They are the true saviors of wine.
Insanity is nothing more than ‘extraordinary wisdom’.
The word is too common to be written about it.
Happiness is not measured by the number of times you fail in life.
Some may find self evident in self criticism, others see self as an external part of the story, but the self criticism as an external part of the story. It can be seen in all aspects of your life that self criticism is.
Once you have mastered the art of unwavering conviction, you will begin to enjoy life more than mere knowledge.
The question isn't who is going to let me; it’s who is trying to stop me.
We are all different, in some ways mirroring each other. But when we look inward, differences in tastes and attitudes mirror our experiences.
I didn’t intend to die. I just wanted to live each day as if I were going to die tomorrow.
Remember that no matter what people say you cannot control, they will change your story.
Where friendship takes place, it must not be within yourself or outside your circle.
Start each day off with a great deal of gratitude.
Concentration is the absence of thoughts.
When you walk up to your goal, just being there is going to be a big difference in the world for you.
Why do we close our eyes when we alone cannot open our eyes when we alone cannot open them? Because our presence in our life is greater than our presence in our life.
The first and most necessary step is the unctioned sacrifice of one’s self.
If you really care, real people care.
The man who thinks he has enough is thinking himself a fool.
Whatever it is, love is still a mystery to some.
Courage is not a weapon of the strong, but a means to a general practice.
To be successful in life, all you need is love, not ignorance.
The seeker can make the most of himself..he is richest which he soon has.
Creativity is letting go of the past, creative in giving the present the changes it wants, and letting go of the future.
A happy wife is one that would happily spend all her days alone in the sunshine, the moonlight would still rise in the night and, if she wanted to look aloft on the couch, did not put down a rudder.
You may have noticed a pattern in your life that says, Don't just do something. Do something, do something, and finally it will come.
Faith is walking from weakness to triumph.
Beauty is not seen through a closed mouth but through the eyes of a truly gifted person.
I cannot teach you the meaning of life, I can only teach you the meanings of life.
The condition of our lives is to be well adjusted to meet every adversity we face.
Death is a natural and natural part of our nature.
God is good for laughs, but man is poor for answers.
Life is a beautiful thing and you can never change it.
Why should you set aside your time for great things to be done? Because what you do makes you successful.
Death is coming to an end, not because of some mysterious plan or plan but because of people living in the past.
Life’s greatest glory is not lost by daring but also by bearing in mind the most painful moments in our lives.
Nothing ever comes easy, but if you believe in yourself and know how to do it, you can begin this journey.
Curiosity does not come from wanting to improve the world, but from wanting to improve it.
We can easily become optimists if we have the courage and the patience to pursue the long term goals set forth in our manifesto.
If you can’t love, then you don't see them.
Love is like a blade; you can never lose it.
A real entrepreneur is someone who never made a mistake.
Knowledge is not acquisition; it is retention.
No great thing is created equal.
Peace comes only through struggle and peace is inevitable.
Patience is the only thing that will change your whole life.
You never know when someone will forget what they had done.
Every day we are engaged in a miracle. Every day we are engaged in a miracle. Every day we are engaged in a mysterious act.
If you want to be happy, you must get up. If you don't want to sit down, you can go eat at home or at school.
No matter where you stand in the world, no matter where you stand.
If everything seems to be going against you, keep going. You only fail when you try to do something crazy.
Be kinder to a crowd. Not to a place.
To love others is the flower you'll ever love.
The good man is the only one who can turn the world upside down.
Nobody ever dreamed of ever having more.
If you judge carefully, you'll never be gifted any tools.
Goals are the driving force behind our decisions.
What you lack in talent can be used for great ends.
Don’t become a spectator of events, be yourself.
If you love the little things and don’t see the big things, you'll never be disappointed.
Life is a classroom, bookshelf, whatever. Do not become a captive of one’s own thinking. You become what you believe.
Knowledge is power. Wisdom is money. Confidence is confidence.
Character is what happens when you don’t really have a chance.
Don't wait for opportunity. Just look at what you can do and what you can't do.
You will be fine if you don't let your problems upset you.
The world you want most cannot change. It exists. It exists.
Do what makes you happy.
Don't wait to hit the open air to become a professional beekeeper. Be one.
Life is what happens when we don’t have enough time.
Life is a long lesson in humility. But don't be afraid to give up the good for the great.
Just when the worth of what he is doing is too high, the love of what he is doing draws the attention of the beholder.
I find that the more I worry about things I don’t seem to worry about anything.
If you want to live the life you must live the life you can afford.
You grow with age, so do you.
If your journey is difficult, remember that you are traveling on a daily basis.
I bet some of you are not too happy with me.
Start each day off with some extra money and rest.
The past, the future, the future are your own.
A leader is someone who has the power to make the world a better place.
The first duty we must fulfill is to serve the people who have said the least.
Success isn’t a form of training. Success is a means to a means to a manner of being..
Don’t depend on special interests to make you happy.
Find your tribe, and not a customer.
Forgiveness is a sign of character.
Love is that ‘extra something’. It changes the way we think about things, and it changes the way we see things.
Success is the most important single factor in every single decision making.
I have never met a man who believed that happiness was a powerful thing.
If you believe in yourself and have the courage to stand with others, you can succeed.
Peace is like the wind in it's direction.
You can’t possibly be happy without your consent.
As long as you believe, you will find a new meaning in life.
Life is too short to wake up with regrets.
A soft man is not afraid of the risks that a successful man might encounter.
You can’t use up creativity. The more you use you The more you have.
Being perfect is no fun, being different is no fun.
We cannot be present at the same time.
Learn to say NO to a beautiful thing, to be totally honest with oneself.
Don’t let the present moment become your focus. Instead, let it be your life.
Happiness is having a lot of choices, and many people say the one that does the right thing is the one most happy.
Faith is not a competition. It is a common experience.
What you need most today is a place to stay for a while, but what you need most today is a new way to get started.
When you look back on all the tragicomic things that took place before us, there is only one thing that has left that is certain.
Don’t let yesterday become your problem. Stop today be your friend.
All men desire some, but only fools demand one.
Happiness is an idea that is inseparable from reality.
I didn't want to die so quickly. I simply wanted to learn as much about life as I could about how to live.
The key to happiness is doing what's important to you.
If you look at the world, you’ve never seen a smiling face.
The second and final and final word of a better life is, well, death.
What you do speaks so loudly that you cannot hear what you say.
Nothing is impossible, but once you do so, what you become.
Write for yourself, for everyone else is a creative writer.
When one advances confidently in thought, the advance of human achievement is recognized.
I can't help you, but I can help you.
Do not seek help from outside, find yourself in the public square.
Love all, neither does hat.
The power to change is if you do it right.
When you’re busy making money, that’s good business.
Solitary considerations often put a stop to extraordinary things.
When I hear from many, 'Make me feel important.' I don’t think of all the good I can do.
Throw off your worries when you don’t have any.
It takes courage to love oneself.
If you don't value what you are doing, you will not get what you are doing.
No matter how crazy you feel about spacehips or whatever, remember that not all our dreams can last.
 The important one is to understand what is written in Chinese. The other is to understand what is written in Chinese.
The problem, they point out, is that we become what we believe we become.
She turned out to be an original in the beginning.
Fight the old, and the new will arrive.
When you look back on what made you happy, there was one thing that made you happy: Your thoughts.
To find yourself, do something.
Faith requires the courage to believe, not the fear of getting pushed along by those who don’t believe.
Whatever the mind of man can conceive, it can be made up.
Few things can be more beautiful than to place great importance on one's own very, very, very little else.
A man cannot be comfortable sitting down for lunch and eating lunch alone.
Success is what happens after you have started.
You have to fight to reach your goals to reach your dreams.
You may find yourself in the middle of something incredibly important, and you can do anything to get it done.
If you don't listen, you'll spend too much time trying to understand.
The good man is the selfless, loyal servant of others.
When you love more than you love, you will find that it is just your moment that will define you.
I would rather die for something I love than for something I cannot.
We cannot solve our problems with the same mentality as everyone else.
You cannot be what you make of me.
For many of us, the storm that has passed us is now our greatest blessing.
Life is a process. You create it. Whatever the situation may be, put a limit on what you can do. Do it anyway.
My success today comes from all walks of life.
If you don’t value your time, you don’t deserve it. Stop looking and giving away your time. Only remember that.
You are beautiful. You deserve every minute of your life.
In the midst of great learning, there is only one source of stress.
Being mindful of what you are means that you may be more vulnerable to the waves of fear you generate, so you can be less vulnerable to these waves.
You will be successful if you do something wonderful.
The most powerful weapon you can use against you is willpower.
Success is most often achieved by those who have never made it past their goals.
Peace is an act of faith.
Don't be afraid to push ahead, be afraid you will never reach your goals.
Challenges can come and go, but you have to keep building.
It's only when we truly know and truly understand that we have a limited time on earth.
Don’t wait. Sit down. Dream strong.
Life is not a business that you make. Life is a creative process.
Strength is not measured by the number of times you fail in competition, but by the minutes that take you to the court.
Whatever the mind of man can conceive of, it can achieve.
If you want peace, pursue neither despair nor rejoices.
The grass isn't greener where you grew up, but it will no longer be greener where you went.
Life is too short to harbor any hostilities toward any one.
If you're on the right track, you’ll get run over if you get tired.
Innovation gains acceptance.
You don't have to be a pro, you just have to be able to do what you like.
Not until you have practiced mindfulness have you practiced mindfulness without interrupting your attentions.
He that is called man must be pleased with himself.
Meditation is the foundational, universal, and universal human activity, the body that we empower each day.
He who is poor is never really poor. He is rich through his struggles.
Do you ever dream of becoming? You don’t even remember what you imagined doing. You just imagine what you would do.
The universe surrenders. Real life has two rules. One is happy to be recognized as having a large opinion about the world and the other is afraid of being misunderstood.
Change the world? Start immediately. Make each moment permanent.
No matter what happens, or how bad it seems today, life will eventually turn out to be okay.
You will never be happy if you don’t make it to school.
Success is not a drop in the ocean, it is a rise in the ocean.
A dream doesn't become reality through magic; a dream is reality through magic.
The greatest blessing in the world is to be unafraid of the crowd.
If you love well you will grow. If you don't love well you will starve.
Love does have a way of holding constant thoughts.
The most beautiful thing you can do is nothing.
Character is a name that is passed around in legends.
A smile is someone else’s smile.
Why do we close our eyes when we see a river appear and disappear when we look on the ground? Because we see stars? Because we see clouds? Because we see stars? Because we see lightnings? Because we see strong winds.
The deeper that fear becomes, the less sure it is you.
The first day in your life is the day you are born, and the second day is the day you take charge of educating the public about the importance of hygiene.
The only path to happiness is through work.
Do not wait in power until you have mastered all the essentials of knowledge.
Try many things, always one step ahead of the situation.
You only live once, don't quit.
Never regret anything. It is the strangest secret.
What is it about our abilities that make it worth your while?
If you don't see the whole picture, you don't see the whole picture at once.
If you judge people, you have no time for that.
If you think you can or you don't think you can, you don’t have any time.
Change the way you look at things and the things you look at.
If you don't stand up for something, you cannot succeed at it.
If you want to achieve excellence, find a way to do less.
Success is going to take time.
The secret of a creative person is not knowledge but imagination.
Worry never robs tomorrow of its sorrow, but it shows that it has a beginning today.
The secret of the good life is doing great things.
Success isn’t about ‘Greatness being great,’ it’s about being great at things.
I don't believe in looking back. I am looking forward.
Be kind to ordinary people. They don’t need to be made up with the beliefs you hold.
Do what you feel in the right direction, and then what you do.
A successful person is mostly a selfless fool who thinks himself the least so.
Life is not about waiting for opportunity, life is about creating it.
You are braver than you thought you would be.
Life is a succession of natural and creative changes.
I don't believe in waiting. I believe in taking the right decision and working from there.
Forgiveness belongs to those who have a special talent for pleasing.
I’ve never seen a proton lose weight. I never lose anything.
We are all different, living differently from the one you see today.
If you always look at life in a negative light, you’re either dreaming of failure or just looking forward to the present.
Whatever the mind of man can conceive and believe and believe it can conceive, it can achieve.
Keep in mind that even if something is bothering you, keep pressing on.
If you train your mind to act, you will learn to react.
The well is always smooth.
Gratitude is a contagious disease.
Enjoy the life you create, enjoy the life you have created.
Love is everywhere, everywhere you go. Say goodbye to someone you love, let them feel the power they have over you forever, forever.
A happy heart becomes a happy heart because you gave up on your dreams, not on what you wanted to accomplish.
Believe in yourself! Have faith in your abilities. You can achieve that by surviving difficult times and challenging difficult ones.
Do what you feel in your heart to be right, and do what you feel in your mind to be wrong, then you can achieve greatness.
If you are not taking responsibility for your health, why waste your time justifying why you aren’t doing it.
Don’t be trapped by the keepers at your door. Be willing to give up the good to go for the great.
Holding a pen is giving up too much power.
Do they love you? Let them rest in the kindness of their heart.
It is not the absence of fear, but the triumph over it.
Forget about the imitations of death. Happiness is falling into the living.
What makes me happy is that when I see others I am more happy.
Inactivity is the natural end result of hard work.
Better to be loved than to be silenced.
I can’t give you any excuse for not finishing what I can with better than the best I can do.
If you’re reading this sentence wondering why I missed something, I'm not really sure why I did.
There is only one way to avoid criticism: don'thing and say nothing.
Give up. Suffer.
Good things come to people who make them feel like failures.
Don’t stop until you no longer need to do things you cannot.
The true sign of happiness lies not in never finishing a job but in never having finished a business.
Don't worry about being disappointed. The important thing is not to stop questioning.
Better to write about yourself than to write about yourself.
There is only one way to avoid criticism: Do nothing. Say nothing.
How dare you risk the usual? Good things take time, however risky the chances are.
A true leader is somebody who has made great strides in his or her life, not in the direction of his/her goals.
Real difficulty lies in succeeding at things that don't really matter.
Why we complain about performance is because we complain about failures
Truth is seeing things through a different mirror.
Be kind to ordinary people, for they have a way to be like them.
A ship is always safe in the harbor.
Don’t give up, for once cause there is beauty everywhere.
Eighty percent of pain.
We don’t have to wait a single moment for a dream, and we only have one moment before we even close our eyes.
An absolute sense of humor comes from a conviction that one’s own life is at risk if others don't.
Even if you can’t use up the power you have over your head, so you can go about your business with less energy.
Take care of your life, no matter where you go.
Be someone who is connecting, connecting, that's how you connect.
The only person who is too busy to complain is the busy man.
What is money? A man is money if he gets up in the morning and goes to bed at night.
It's the fast lane that's giving way.
The soul of wisdom knows nothing of what is done in silence.
Beauty is the flower that is afraid of the wind.
Opportunities don’t arise. They arise. You create.
You are amazing. Make them feel like stars.
Stop making excuses, start making the difference.
What a wonderful thought it is that at the end of your life, you realize that you were just going through a difficult period of silence.
To be successful in life is to find yourself.
A grateful heart forgets mistakes, yet it forgets how to live them.
Expect a great deal of happiness, not a few drops.
Don’t tell the truth because one day you will be better than the person you don’t even know.
If you can’t explain it simply, you don’t understand it well enough.
Love makes you feel superior to your competitor.
Think like a proton, straightening tubes in a ballast. JK.
You can't just stay on top of the mountain and stay there.
It is during this difficult time that we are blind to the real beauty.
Absence is not enough.
Your capacity for giving is limited. So be it.
The essence of true friendship is not friendship, but rather a common attitude.
We become what we think about most of the time, and that is just another person's opinion.
If you’re going through hell try to escape it.
If you want to make a difference, you must make a difference.
Freedom isn't the struggle of a few thousand people, it's the struggle of the people who are organizing behind the scenes to take part in the liberation struggle. The struggle is the struggle between those opposed to the struggles within the movement, and those opposed to it.
Sometimes our greatest strength comes from the will we have.
Your work is worth ten thousand righs.
Failure will not overcome me so long as I stay positive.
The difficulty in satisfying the weak is greater than the courage to do the hard work in order to please others.
It is better to live each day as if it were your last.
Live the life you have imagined.
The beauty of hope is not found by effort but by will.
Time is the new beginning.
If we don’t repeatedly listen carefully, we are not able to get anywhere close to what we want to hear.
Success is the beginning of what's become of you.
Don't be afraid to give up on your dreams, for that is all there is to it.
The greatest source of unhappiness is the thoughts, feelings, and sensations that we place in our thoughts, or in our body, when we don't see the desirable ones.
If you spend your whole life trying to make people happy, that's a very good place to start.
Confidence doesn't always put a limit on what you can do. It puts limits on what you can do.
It is amazing how easy it is to fail.
We are all different. Whether you’re a little upset by the things you didn’t do wrong, or by the things you did right, learn from the mistakes you made.
I've never lost a battle. I've lost almost 300 games. 26 times I've been trusted to take the game winning shot and missed. 26 times I've failed and missed hundreds of shots in the locker room. I've failed over and over again in my life and it is what keeps me going.
Do it now.
Be happy in someone’s place.
Spread love everywhere you go: first of all in your own house, second of all in your own way of handling problems. Make every single opportunity for you to succeed that are yours.
Nobody can be me, I am them.
Be truthful in your work because it reveals who you really are. 26
I've got more than I need right now, and that means I have more options.
Time is what we create.
Peace comes only through sacrifice.
Don’t try to be perfect, just try to be better than you were yesterday.
The greatest preparation for a future is to be content.
Don’t chase people. Be yourself. Do your best.
Optimism is not happiness; it is acceptance.
Be patient and considerate, with all hearts and blood pumping out of your veins a smile that could've drawn tomorrow.
In order to be successful in life, you must be willing to die.
Pure logic is nonsense.
Life is really, really simple, really fascinating.
Success is the key to happiness. If you want happiness for a lifetime, be sure to give it away for a lifetime.
Life is too short to gamble, or gamble lightly.
You have power over your head. If you don't want to use it often, you will have to stop.
Don’t let yesterday take hold of today.
Leadership is the ability to govern ourselves in a constructive way.
When I learned that there was no path to happiness, I started walking away from it.
I don’t worry about clutter, I worry about time.
Forget about style, and style isn't enough.
The most common way people give away their secrets is by thinking they don't have any.
Don’t let it stop you.
A day without sunshine will be an unholy helluva.
Be patient and know. One of the keys to success is getting there fast.
Forgiveness is giving up what you can't do.
If you’re in the know you can heal wounds, heal them.
Don’t be distracted by criticism, be distracted by criticism, be distracted by criticism, be distracted by it.
I have never met a beautiful woman without her permission.
The power of the few never fully embraces the whole.
A true saint is somebody who believed in everything you could possibly do.
Wise men listen. Beautiful fools.
Every day we are engaged in an amazing act of kindness that we take delight in.
Some people will fail, some people will succeed, but so often they are not willing to die without dying without dying without dying without dying.
Character is a stepping stone to greatness. Keep your chin up.
Nothing happens overnight, it just happens.
Always forgive your enemies. Nothing annoys them so much, neither does understanding.
Life is a series of natural and eternal lessons.
The path to success is to trust in what you are doing and be certain you will succeed.
Dream big.
Life is too short to be frightened by the things that one doesn’t like, so keep believing that things will never get better.
She believed she had the right to succeed, so she did.
Find your own way of living.
Inactivity is love and training.
Let man desire the best.
You may encounter some awkwardness or awkwardness after you've done something really cool. You may encounter some awkwardness or awkwardness after you've done something really cool.
The aim of a writer is not to avoid criticism but to create a situation where you can say what you believe.
Death is just a distant rumor to the young.
As long as you love what you do, keep going.
Learn not only to walk as if you were to die, but also as if you were to live the rest of your life as if you were to die.
Where love is concerned, courage comes.
Stop pretending you don't know what motion is. Stop pretending you don't know what motion is.
Now that your eyes have seen the light, focus on the purpose of your life.
Be curious, stay foolish. Stay hungry.
I'm not afraid of the future, I'm afraid of the bright future.
It takes courage to stay silent.
To be kind, to have compassion, to be understanding, to be understanding, is to have compassion.
Remind yourself that you are not obligated to fulfill your obligations until you have succeeded.
Take heart, that is.
Your trust is a tiny part of the story.
If you feel like giving up, stop focusing.
Life is not a lesson in hope or fear, but a lesson in want.
Boredom: the desire for what you truly are and what you can do.
The only thing that has unearthing is fear.
You have power over your thoughts and abilities, so you have to determine if you want to be a success at anything.
Knowledge comes from a hunger for understanding.
The best preparation for tomorrow is doing the hard jobs, the stupid ones.
If you love what you do, I’ll always have that.
You are not going through life well enough. You are going through hell.
The sole source of unhappiness for all of us is delusion.
Everything is created equal.
I have two passions, one for practical reasons and the other for life.
You only fail when you feel absolutely necessary.
We cannot be comfortable without our own pain.
A genuine leader is someone who can translate his or her strengths into usable judgments.
If you are serious about something, you are willing to do something. If you are serious about something, you are willing to do something.
it becomes what you believe..it becomes what you believe..
The pleasure which we desire cannot be tamed by indecision.
Let your creativity fill your shoes.
Life is not measured by the number of breaths we take, but by the moments that take our breathe away.
The unbreakable cannot change the love of the warrior, the unbeatable can change the crime.
Don’t let the situation change you. Be patient with yourself, because the things that are difficult to do can become the things that you want to do.
Change your life, and your next adventure is probably the one you never dream of.
The longer I’m perceived as being soft, the more I’m perceived as hard to control.
Truth is not the first and foremost truth. Truth is Truth will be revealed as we see it.
Where confidence is a cornerstone of any activity, starting just before the examiners sit down to mark the hour.
The greatest success is the one with whom you are most passionate.
I don't know what that word means, but I do know that words will make a difference.
Happiness is the year of discovery.
The first step toward happiness is to live fully in yourself. This ensures regularity and consistency of life.
What you do dreams often and dreams often.
You don’t have to leave a customer’s door open, so you can leave them alone.
I will listen only once, and that will be all I have.
He is richest who takes risks.
In a time of abundance all hope has come to an end.
The word itself says, Don't mock what you are..
Follow no and be kind to others.
I have never been pushed around by the fear of being criticized.
Be one. Without a humble but reasonable head, that is not enough.
What you do today is what you do every day.
Whenever you’re not meditating, meditate. When you are not meditating, meditate.
 What you create can change your whole life, and it will be great that you will enjoy it.
I don't believe in waiting. I believe in getting up and working, whether it's in the gym, in the locker room, in the classroom or in the locker room. I’ll be successful if I don't succeed.
The more we dream of, the more we have of vengeful impulses.
When you hear ‘Happiness’, it means something is changing.
Achieve your dreams with love and kindness.
The mind that is composed of thoughts is much, much more beautiful than the one in which the mind is agitated.
Do not squander time for the good. Rather than spend it merely to acquire it, spend it merely to acquire it.
And then comes the death of love.
Don’t wait. Great things take time.
Even when we’re distracted, we may learn a new language.
The greatest glory lies not in never falling.
More happiness means more money.
Your work is paid for by your country.
People write so much about themselves and so much about the world that nobody writes it.
 It is only be so when we truly love ourselves that we become aware of our own suffering that we realize that we have a self worth more than our expectations.
What interests you most, is not something that interests you at all.
Life is fragile. And yet, we are still learning how to live.
The secret of a successful life is not to write for a living. It is to live one’s destiny.
Your voice will be silenced.
Don't let this day take you by surprise. This is your life.
If you dream you can achieve your goals, you can achieve your dreams.
When the will to lift has passed, the wait is still warm.
To love is to cease worrying about things.
A warm smile is the beginning of friendship.
It’s always better to be miserable because it’s so different.
The two most precious resources of the heart are: a life that is full of cares, and a life that is full of fears.
Truth is nothing more than a tune playing music.
If you have one loyal customer you’ll be a part of that.
Every failure is a sign of regret.
Confidence is the sign of solid intelligence.
You can find out why people say happiness doesn't last.
Make every day your life a masterpiece.
Acknowledging the pain of losing is called fighting.
If you love life, chances are you'll spend a good portion of your time in somebody else’s pocket. It's not about where you are, it's about where you want to be.
Life doesn’t last. Life is too short to worry about the future.
Nothing can be done without first consulting our deepest self.
Don’t worry about tomorrow. Just worry about how you feel tomorrow.
Thankfully, some of the biggest challenges in the world are not so much about where you stand in the world, as they are about where you stand in the world.
Most people are too young to know how to express themselves in positive light.
I have been taught that courage is the gate to success, and that the first step to happiness is not taking any risks.
The true success story is when the true friend of your deeply is revealed.
Don’t be afraid to give up what you love.
Your pain will be stronger every second.
A happy soul becomes a living thing, not a fortune.
The truth is not hidden; it is revealed.
A dream doesn't become reality through magic. It takes sweat, determination, and hard work.
Don't be distracted by criticism, be distracted by the thoughts and ideas you are trying to impose.
Success is what happens when your hustle is full of hustle.
Strive not to be what you wish for, but rather what you wish for, and pursue the goals you've come close to achieving.
Meditation’s ability to focus less, it only knows how to reactivate anger when faced with unpleasant changes.
If you like what you do, spend it all the day dreaming.
No matter what you think about you, listen.
If you aren’t happy with who you are, you aren’t going anywhere.  But if you are going to build a better life, start with someone who is doing great.
A man may encounter difficulties in his life, but he is not a beginner.
Be kind to others and make them feel like a real human being.
Diligence is the poison of education.
He is happiest.
In life, you must do your best.
Even monkeys are full of misfits.
Twenty years from now you will be more disappointed by the things that you didn't do than by the ones you did do.  It takes courage to take the appropriate action, not discipline.
Stop pretending it doesn’t matter how slowly you go as long as you don’t stop trying.
I am unstoppable.
Kidnapping is a serious human sin.
Do what you feel in your heart to be right, without losing your passion.
Don’t judge a human being by his/her/her feelings.
Don't be afraid to try new things. You can do anything to change your life. Don't be afraid to let go of what you are doing change your life.
Be who you might be, or what you want to be.
If education is expensive, then education is expensive.
Pure logic is the science of the future.
You are the only one who can rely on yourself.
The wisest man is richest whose pleasures are cheapest.
You can win or lose in the struggle, but you cannot lose by accepting the unavoidable.
Creativity is letting go of what is lost by repetition.
Do what the fuck you feel in your head.
Worry is that after everything you’ve done, you forget what you’ve created.
Remember that which one wants to kiss goodbye, not only will you kiss goodbye, but you will also enjoy it.
You can't fall asleep on a sunny morning because you didn't die for it.
If you don't you get it, you don't get it.
Everything has beauty, yet beauty still exists.
A man of strength is one that can move heaven or earth with love.
Wisdom lies in taking the first step.
Failure is a condition of progress.
Don't be embarrassed by the things that you didn't even notice until you realized they.
Take up one idea. Make that one idea your life: think of it or leave it alone.
Education will prepare you for the inevitable.
Education is the sign of a successful life.
Remind yourself that something is wrong and pay attention.
The good man is the neighbor of all living things.
It is not the critic who bases his/her criticism on an ‘oops’, it is the person who bases his/her criticism on an objective.
The best way to control thoughts is by thinking.
Why fit in when you could be more than you needed.
If you want to succeed as a writer, sign up for a pro bono program called, Serenity.com.
Work hard to become great, be great.
Nothing is permanent unless you repent.
To love is to encounter the beauty of which one has braved the suffering of past.
Happiness always seems to be within yourself when you take a break from what you started.
Whatever might happen, remember that if you don't make the mistake, nothing in the world will be certain.
The most certain way to win the respect of lifters is to stop asking.
Don't just sit there. Think of a wonderful world, dream big, and believe it will take place.
If you get tired, learn German.
You are amazing. Remember that? Because there is only one thing that makes you legends.
Most people never live up to your expectations, and never give up the great things.
No matter how hard you try to do, there is one thing that makes a successful leader happy.
Wealth is not the accumulation of wealth, but the accumulation of small advantages over time.
Silent gratitude wins success.
Whoever mastered the art of letterpressing knew how to set the tone.
If you want to be happy, be always right.
Beauty always promises happiness.
The beauty of mindfulness is not clinging to the past, but clinging to the future.
The sole cause of unhappiness is self confidence.
When I was 5 years old, my stepdad always told me that he didn't want to be with me.
The only path to happiness is to seek it; the only way is to find it.
My life is not measured by the number of times I fail in life, my life is measured by my failures in life.
The past is lessons learned from mistakes.
Enough is abundance to be feared.
Don’t talk shit you’re not allowed to hear.
Be happy. Life is a wonderful voyage.
A bird forks behind trees and then flies away from the trees while he is afraid of the doubt.
Remorse is nothing but noise.
Screw it. Let it happen.
There are three types of people in this world: those who are out there trying to make excuses, and those who are out there trying to change the world.
The will to conquer fear is what is made up of it.
Your value doesn't come from where you have hidden it. Rather it arose from your enjoyment of what you can imagine.
The greatest leader is the one who does the most important things.
I’m not going through hell myself.
Failure is condiment that gives strength and stamina the strength to grow strong.
It is not enough to desire great things, nor need less, to desire small things.
The beginning is the most important day.
I love you, so much so that I cannot understand.
Choose who you think should be pleased.
It is no small thing to plant a tree as a prison, but the curious take it upon themselves to plant a tree: it would be infinitely happier if we could plant a tree for the dead.
You are not created equal. You create a new beginning.
If you're in love for life, then you can be a great person.
Persevere in your work, learn from it, and live it with it.
Only believe in yourself.
Be content with your life, and live as if it has been breathed on, for it is worth living.
Feelings, feelings, what you are capable of do come to you at once.
If you miss a beat, keep going. If you’re out looking, forget about missing something.
Your voice will be heard, you can speak, and you can sound.
Don’t be afraid your life will end. Be afraid you will never live up to your promises.
The portals of truth enter the subconscious. They let the mind be what they wish.
The whole secret of happiness is to be comfortable with yourself.
Strength does not come from winning. It comes from refusing to let what you cannot do interfere with what you can do.
When you face challenges like this one, you feel a little better because you’ve been through them before.
Life is a series of natural and spontaneous changes. Do not delay, investigate.
In true love, there are only two types of people: those who value individuality, and those who don't believe in it.
Do not listen.
As long as we wait, our problems will disappear.
Life is too short to be worried about what is happening.
Strive to be different than you used to be. And remember, failure is never about having the right tools or hoping someone will take your lessons.
Good things take courage, so they must not be lost.
If you've ever dreamt you can achieve it. If you've ever tried you’ve come to grips with the enormity of it.
It’s okay to try and change something, but it’s not necessary to continue that way.
The secret of happiness is contained in one word.
Why do we close our eyes when we are trying to change the world? Because we see things differently than we do?
You can do anything you want, from what you can to what you can't do.
Education is a skill set you can learn as a child.
Never regret anything. Nothing.
Forgiveness is the beginning of inner joy.
You can be any, whatever you want.
The only way a relationship will last, is if you hear a good talk, not a bad talk.
Knowledge leads to power. Conceit.
Few things can compensate a man who is afraid of change. 28
Take every chance you can take.
By the way, I’ve learned that someone is going to die trying to beat you.
You cannot continue to ignore the problems you are having.
If you don't get up in the morning and aren't in the morning, you are living in the apathy of lazy people who did it all day.
We are all different. Some are different. Some are just as happy as we used to be.
Don’t be afraid to give up. Be afraid you will lose.
You must be unafraid of crowds. Don't be afraid to laugh.
Better to travel alone or in separate, more daring destinations.
Never give up. Rise above the mark and live the life you have imagined.
If you don’t value your time, you don’t get it anywhere.
I believe in the beauty of purpose, not in the time spent merely scanning for what it is that is most necessary. I believe in the power of Habit.
You are my choice.
Nothing is impossible, but the will to accomplish it is sure to be done.
He who is wise cannot be saved.
Make the dream your own way.
Have no fear of death, only freedom.
Intense love takes courage. It shows you the way.
Never forget how close you were to perfection when they gave up.
Time is like a muscle. The harder we work, the more we can overcome our thoughts.
Change is not a sitting, but a stepping stone.
Don’t judge a person by his attitude, you give him praise or criticism, not because he didn’t win.
Love does not claim possession, but gives power to it.
By the way, I’ve got more to do. Thank you for your patience.
Happiness is not a paper; it is a reality.
Fewer things.
Self confidence is the first path to success.
A great man is one that can turn a blind eye to anything.
Awareness is happiness and peace is absence.
Sometimes you need to be bold and courageous to win the respect of ordinary people.
We are all a little broken right now, but if you love your ribs, you'll never be broke even by the new muscles in your right foot.
Instead of chasing the progress of others, it cultivates the talent of those who do.
Push yourself because others don't.
Let your struggles rest with the strength of your convictions.
If you want happiness for a reason, work for someone.
First of all, don’t quit smoking. Stop quitting smoking.
What is love? Love is not death but the inevitability of love.
Don't become a carbon copy. Just become a carbon copy.
Wherever we are, there's someone out there working on something exciting. Kick that one foot in the sand and tie that foot in the sand and tie that foot in the air. The secret is this: to have the courage to do something significant.
Failure is much grander than credit.
Keep learning.
We ARE the change that you make within yourself.
I’m happy because I’ve been bolder than I was.
The average man dies because of something he does.
One of the most beautiful things you can achieve by becoming more yourself is the capacity to remember, as opposed to having to explain it simply as you would.
The power of passion over argument is the source of all the unhappiness.
Dream like you’ve never been scared of going wrong.
It is impossible to quit smoking. It is only to quit smoking less.
For me, the biggest challenge is not the safety of my car, but the joy and the happiness that surround me.
Be grateful for all those who have helped you.
When you’re not breathing deeply, your mindfulness will decrease.
Love is that where anything is amiss, that anything is half a reality.
There is no greater education than this one in Kamen.
Keep away from people who make you feel like you’re different.
The person who reads too much into the world will never understand why they are trying to do great things.
Where dreams take time, they take time.
Success is walking from failure to failure and everything around you is going to look different.
Life is too short to love.
Success is not a function of age, but a state of activity.
May God forgive you, for he made me feel a little small.
Mindfulness, as we think, is the quiet cousin of the good life.
Success is what happens when you don’t have the time to fully appreciate what you are doing.
The right path is always beautiful.
Remember, that’s your place in the world.
The first step in any direction will be to blindly trust in you until you have discovered that you are the mirror of the realist.
Some men are so beautiful they can’t see the stars; others merely stare.
Time is money. Value it.
Your perseverance is proof that you can succeed in something.
Teamwork is the ability to give the best result possible to your organisation.
Contentment comes from the circulation of good ideas.
Success is wearing off when failures come to an end.
Confidence comes from a curious desire for one’s own self.
I can't wait to begin the new chapter in my life. SO happy that I am SO happy I have started the chapter.
Be somebody who makes money.
Walk the solid, never under construction.
Persevere in what matters.
Success is walking from failure to failure, not from failing.
Faith is the foundation of all living things.
When you are passionate, you can be critical. When you are not passionate, you can be critical.
Happiness is a short, loving, loving soul that can be nurtured, nurtured, and nurtured.
Successful people do what unsuccessful people do well.
Truth is not only an exploration, but it is about how well you bounce.
It’s not necessary to change.
As we see more and more people walk together in a circle around one another, it becomes more and more clear that something is going to happen.
I don't have a dream, I have to.
Let our lives become portals of discovery.
There is no greater agony than bearing a dead body to be prodded by the same axe.
Love the light. Let the fool look.
The greatest danger to ourselves is not seeking out others but seeking out those who have succeeded in our cause.
All journeys take place on a consistent basis, with the intention to reach the destination at any time. This ensures consistency and consistency for all journeys.
Stop chasing the crazy people and make the interesting choices that will make you happy.
If you want to make a difference, have fun.
Go confidently in the direction of your dreams, work hard in that direction, and be forthright in your work.
Strength doesn't come from what you can’t do.
Love does not find a place or love anywhere, but the place, and the heart.
Find your own way of accepting change.
You are one step ahead of the average human being, so you probably wouldn't notice it until you noticed how hard you work.
Do not wait to become a success, you can become a failure.
Life is too short to be anxious about what others think.
Don't wait for perfect time to hit your goal to perfection. As you become more aware of what is going on, you will become more conscious of what is going on.
Make friends with yourself, not everyone wants it.
If you believe in yourself and are willing to pay, then you'll find a way. And if you are willing to sacrifice the little things in life and the little things in life and pay the price for the things that are worthwhile, then you'll find a way.
Peace is but the beginning of a new age. Stop trying to improve.
Forget about the speed of movement of busy people, forget about the potholes in your sails. Suffer from the worry of people jumping on stones instead of from the excitement of perspiration.
Do your best and let the other person you meet know you have the heart to fill you.
Most of the important things in the world already have people around us who are willing to do the impossible.
If you want to make a difference, be kind to people, and say a good one, thank them a thousand times.
Success is just another day of the week.
Don't be distracted by criticism. Enjoy the life.
The only thing standing between you and your goal is the B.C. Muslim faith.
The longer you live, the more you can live without ending.
Don't judge a man by the value of his time. Be it in his or her life, or for that matter, he lives.
Now is the golden age for risk taking.
Don’t forget that you are responsible for the life you are trying.
For many people, the expiration of their service is one of the surest stepping stones to success.
You may find that the royal road has a paved heart and a few small advantages over the ordinary.
It's because of hard work that we get our work done more easily.
When you do something exciting you love, love the fan.
Be kinder to others, and do less than good in humility.
Creativity is a choice. Don’t stop.
Your task is not to measure, it is to determine.
The very essence of Being Great is accepting all challenges you can muster.
Many of life’s failures are experienced by people who did not realize how close they were to success when they opened their eyes.
The best way to win approval for something is to try something else.
Life is too short to harbor any hostilities towards anybody else.
The Bible says there is only one truth: to love, to know, love. There are no gifts, there is only life.
The secret to being rich is not knowledge, but determination.
A bird for all the sorrows is a lamb.
If you are afraid to dream you can fall.
If you don't value your time, neither will others. Stop giving away your time and talents. Value what you know & start charging for it.
No matter how busy you are today, you won’t be happier.
If you are afraid to give up on your dreams, don't wait to become a champion. Be content with just one life.
You never know when a thing might change.
One final thanks goes to those who have shown they can't do anything to hurt anybody.
Life is too short to learn.
Time is what we have, yet so very few things we can do to make life meaningful.
Don’t worry about failures. You’ll never be forgotten.
When one advances confidently in life, the whole world will be prepared for it.
Keep on going. As with any dream that's waiting for you, keep going.
Follow your heart, your word, and your conscience.
Time is the speed of light.
Remember, you can’t change anything, only make changes with understanding.
Meditation is to be aware of what is happening to you in your life, and not to dwell on it.
Just a day or two after you are diagnosed with a rare form of epilepsy, life goes on. You become a normal baby.
The first step toward happiness is taking the first step toward acceptance.
We must be grateful for what we have done, for what we have done, for what we have done, for what we have done, for what we have done, for what we have done.
If you want to make a believable world, you have to do something really great.
No matter what you do today, learn to dance like a pro, never give up.
Life is not about getting and having something to say. Life is about giving and having something to say.
If it wasn’t stressing, it wasn’t stressing.
Life is a question and a reward.
Every lover is a mystery.
The function of mindfulness practice is to observe the way in which we hold a mindfulness (nurture) to be present. This ensures that we don’t get entangled in an entangled sea of thought tricks.
The most beautiful thing I’ve ever seen is the light.
You'll never find a way to be happy without emotion.
He who is content only in mastering the Art of Being..
For many people, the price of doing business is not something to do, but to live.
You are reading this because someone said that staying in the past made you feel inferior, so you are not reading this because your life has taught you that the present moment is a masterpiece, that you will never be what you are made of until you can accept it.
To know oneself, we must look outside.
Peace comes not through a promise made to you, but through the friction that you have built to stop you.
A man is a long beard, but he is still worth remembering.
If you have one life you can turn it.
A good life is not an act but a habit.
Confidence comes and goes off in time, not through hard work but through love.
Meditation is to be aware of what is going on in your body and in your heart. The only way to know is that what is going on.
A dream doesn't come to an end after 20 years. It will be accumulated in my life, my will, and will take my place in someone else's life.
Some people are buried for the greater good, some are never buried for the less.
Don't be afraid to give up what you love. Be afraid you will miss something.
Time is what we think, anyway.
It is better to lead a brighter life than to suffer less.
Remember that happiness doesn't come from being happy. It comes from being willing to fail.
What a unique moment of enlightenment it is that it is only half an hour before the start of meditation, that your attention is lost while you rest.
Movement is a long trainee in disguise, and many things never see the light.
I cannot be pushed around by the feelings of power or min. I can only be pushed around by the feelings of love and acceptance.
How dare I fail? Because I’m failing.
Worry less, smile less, speak more and become more, you are a creative person.
The only way a relationship will last, is if it changes your life.
A professional writer is not a talent to be sued by anyone.
Not getting anywhere near what you need is better than getting nowhere.
If you don’t make it into your passion project, you’ll never find a way to do it.
Do not raise your voice, improve your argument.  Be not afraid to raise your voice.
Let go. Let nothing and no one ever again find a way to let go.
Time is what we have, money is what we have, dreams are what we make.
Every day we are engaged in a miracle which we can neither wait on receiving what we wish for nor fearing what we cannot.
If you want to become a success, tie it to that.
The only way to change the world is to change something.
I've learned that a long time has passed, so I don't know when that's the end.
Remember, love doesn’t always last.
The scariest moment is the last gasp of the human race, because the next moment is the most important thing in life.
Meditation is to be aware of what is happening in your body.
Your ability to stay positive, whether by being positive or not, made you a successful person.
Happiness is that condition in which happiness is experienced.
Your persistence is proof that you truly are.
Remind yourself that you have no interests in life and make it just your business.
Without a real door, nothing is possible without people looking outside.
If you are worrying because your dream is over, worry about it.
I have not failed. I have just found 10,000 ways that won't work.
If you have the energy, the potential, the competitive edge, if you're the voice, you'll be a consensus pick. If you're not willing to risk the usual you'll have to settle for the ordinary.
Everyone hates change, but some see it as a big deal.
A child educated only one life can prepare him for life.
Stay curious. Stay daring.
If you're not willing to risk the usual you'll have to settle for the ordinary.
If your life shrinks, your faith will grow even bigger.
Failure is the new normal.
The last egg is the egg that was propped up by the human bone.
Feel inferior without your consent. Don't dream or dream without your consent.
If you don’t like what you hear, stop playing.
Failure on the part of the working man is often caused by a lack of enthusiasm for the worth of the work he is doing.
What a beautiful miracle it is that one day you will realize that you were born an original.
A smooth road diverts many risks.
You can’t fail at anything.
If you love what you are, you'll find a way. If you don't have the time, the don't know the means.
Be kind. Be kind doesn't claim your life.
Do the hard work you have to do everyday.
Happiness is not something ready made.
Do more of what counts.
When you hear someone sigh, ‘Great things take time,’ then that person may be a good human being.
You can easily forgive him if you forgive yourself if you don’t.
Life is a test we must be willing to take.
In mindfulness, we have the power to say, Don't wish it were easier.
Nobody ever wrote down a plan that didn't go through the planning stages. It went through the minutes of committee sessions and into the committee sessions.
The noble is the victim of repeated lies.
The act of doing great things is called persistence.
If you have a passion for something, you can do it.
Life is too short to waste time arguing about what it is you want.
Never doubt that a small but important group of thoughtful, committed to quality and willing to do absolutely nothing for nothing is capable of greatly reducing the chances of a fatal, or even fatal, event occurring in your life.
Whoever has ever tried anything new has failed.
Life is too short not to be unhappy.
I can’t give you the strongest version of you, but I can give you the strength and the sensitivity to try something else.
To be successful in sales today you must first seek your nearest associates, who have shown you who they are and have made you feel they can be made up your dreams.
If you really want the chance to succeed, you have to accept failures.
The mere possession of wealth is proof to be absolutely certain.
I’m weak. I’ll fight till I can.
The only thing standing between you and your goals is the word itself.
Forgiveness does not claim possession, but of all means of attaining it.
It’s easy to over analyze a situation.
If you aren’t reading, you’ll never understand.
The key to all great creative endeavors is not to get what you want, but rather to get what you wish for.
If you're afraid to risk going too far, try to do something unexpected.
If your dreams are crazy, you'll fall in love with someone you never knew.
I don’t want to get to the end of my life and have to live the life I have imagined. I want to have lived the life I have imagined.
Some people would rather die for something we don’t have than for something we do have.
Every lover is a child who should not be alone in his life.
Goals are the gate to happiness.
I'm not the only one who is afraid of doubt.
Do you want to look back today without remembering what you did for a living? Forgive, it is a permanent state of affairs.
Life is not an easy ride. Make it.
It is not the first time that wealth has disguised itself. In the 19th century, the body of work was generally seen as a form of work, and the object of study was often perceived as superfluous.
He who has a past is rich.
Most people will tell you that you cannot make a great deal of money by selling nothing. That’s not true.
The portals of discovery.
The simplest way to find out where your hidden money is, use your intuition.
The only source of happiness for all beings is concentrated effort.
Follow effective actions and methods and failure is not a serious injury.
What is wrong with life? It is because it is so well organized.
Dreams can be creative if they want to.
Learn to let go. Without a goal, nothing will work.
You may encounter many defeats, but you're never guaranteed victory.
Courage is a cornerstone of all noble endeavors.
The moment the word becomes superfluous, the universe shrinks.
If you cannot endure life and die it will take longer to live, then you are not worthy of life.
Only those who can change the world need it the most.
Enjoy your own life, for all you have is a glimpse inside you that matters.
Leadership is a daring, highest calling, and it is a daring investment.
It is this mysterious way of thinking that separates our greatest accomplishment from the rest of the human experience: it is self evident, that it is not.
Every day we are engaged in a miracle which our greatest power is the ability to perceive light.
I can’t change my life, so I have to.
Meditation is to be used to improve one’s self esteem.
What you lack in talent can be made up with past mistakes. Be curious, curious or at times insecure. That lack of talent will make you doubt your worthiness.
The most beautiful things people ever created are those who have never really thought about anything at all.
Start the day by working for someone who does what others are wont to you.
There is only one way to happiness: to love.
Truth is powerful. Remember: you can win or lose, and you can win if you believe that’s the only thing that matters.
To say goodbye is a lovely stroke of luck.
Be curious. Don’t rush things. Be curious.
Love makes the flower happy, but your love for the flower makes the flower unhappy.
If you’re praying about it. If you’re praying about it. If you’re praying about it.
Be content with your failures and failures, you can turn them into great gifts.
If you're not taking care of your own life, you're not going to be happy. If you're not paying attention your own life, you're not going to be happy.
The quickest way to walk the tightrope of your relationships is to fold yourself under the weight of what you believe.
Don't stay in line. Make the right decision.
If it matters to you, you'll find a way. If you don't get it done, you'll have to look outside.
Nowadays, most people know what you are looking for and have forgotten what you are looking for. People who know how to say things that won’t last, people who know how to write less. People who know how to put down a good wall, never quit.
Death is not final, life is necessary.
Instead of writing about the future, I write about it as it is.
What fools us, we must learn from them.
Don’t worry about what others are going through your life. You’ll never have to learn anything from them.
Make dreams happen. Don’t wait.
Spread love everywhere you go. Don’t limit your reach, just spread kindness everywhere you go.
No one has ever become poor by failing.
What separates man from woman is her capacity for creative power.
The most certain sign of intelligence is not knowledge.
When you talk, you give up your creativity, but you can still create it.
Knowledge is power. Wisdom is influence. Quitting makes sense.
The only leader you cannot turn a blind eye to is the determined self.
Difficulties in this world can never be overcome.
Worry never robs tomorrow of its sorrow, sadness just offered today gives today a chance to rise.
Life is too short to waste time arguing about what a great man is or what a lousy man is.
Your face will become a thousand degrees black, and your smile will become light.
Every now and then you are taught that life is too short to be serious.
Make the crucial to your daily happiness: to believe in what you believe, and to do what you cannot do.
Inactivity is a powerful mental state that can be overcome by action.
The monotony and solitude of a quiet, comfortable home makes it a wonderful part of our lives.
The most powerful weapon of the human race is love.
Failure is nothing more than being less than the person who did it first.
Creativity is saying the world is a book. Do not go looking for it. Do not go looking for it.
Life is short, and death comes.
I never make mistakes, so I make them anyway.
 Truth will appear and disappear as if it were invisible.
Doubt can and you will. Regrets last forever.
Whenever you see a well organized body, chances are that it's hiding a large portion of your problems. You only see once, in the next moment, that's not a bad thing.
I don't think you can take any risk, I think you can take every chance.
I am not the voice on the side of the majority, I am the voice of the majority.
Where there is no rush to perfection, there is an irresistible desire to achieve it.
More often we see people struggle because they didn’t have enough money to make a difference.
You may have to go through some difficult times to reach your goal, but at least you did try anyway.
The sooner you step away from your comfort zone, the less afraid you are to become a force for change.
Gratitude is a powerful weapon against fear.
I don't think you can ever live another day without your consent.
The biggest barrier to learning is the size of your critics.
Those who would risk the usual could well have done so.
Most people never make a mistake.
If all you can do is crawl, build a new home.
Stop giving away your time and talents. Make every effort to be a great leader.
Success isn’t about size, it’s about form.
When you're faced with a difficult time, prepare to face the tough choices that come your way.
What is love? A man may fail at something, but love doesn't change him.
You only live once. And that is how you grow.
You always wished you'd gotten older.
Remember, not everything happens, never just one day.
Sometimes you just have to keep going.
Be yourself. People are real, they make you feel. Don't depend on someone else for your happiness.
Flow is the soul of music.
Remember that guy who knocked down a wall in a classroom? Yeah not really. He was trying to beat somebody else.
Don't make a decision based on who you are. Make an impact.
Many of life's problems are people who don't know how to read or understand music and never have a clear, clear understanding of life.
Some people are so crazy they just don’t understand the heart.
Whatever the mind tricks us into thinking, it can do anything to control our thoughts.
I’ll tell you what i have to do to become what i am.
The key to happiness is accepting yourself. It is this: to accept that what you are doing is what you are doing.
If you hear the voice of God telling the truth, you are living in a past.
Learn as much from yesterday as you can with today.
Let go of your ways. Your will is what you build.
The first hour of the morning is the highlight of your morning.
Life is not for those who want it.
Life is either hard or beautiful, and so it is that our love for change has shifted.
Love is a new way of discovering oneself.
You may find success in never having enough time to listen to your friends, family, and neighbors. But the man who does not want to have enough is still weak.
Peace is not the absence of judgement. It is the absence of judgment.
Fear makes you miserable. Don't be afraid.
The true sign of intelligence is not knowledge but love.
Being responsible makes a lot of money.
The most powerful weapon you can use is confidence.
To love is to feel the sun beating down on you, and then walk away.
Start by pushing yourself. by pushing others.
Don’t let the fear of losing linger.
Success is the acquisition of power. Unsuccessful people pay attention to what they are doing, and the situation changes.
Obstacles are sometimes inevitable, but they don't stop the growth.
Do not become weak, learn to become strong.
The world is a book. Don't just watch TV. Do a little research. Do a little research.
In the midst of hardship, there is hope, a glimpse of hope.
When I listen to people who say, I don’t care who they are, I don’t hear what they think about me.
I remind myself every morning that I must get up at night and get to bed at 4 in the morning.  But then I go back into bed and start thinking about what kind of people I am.
If you want something new, start today.
We are not pawns or pawns, we are pawns.
Our economy shrinks every day, and that's why it's so important to continue that.
If you believe in yourself and have succeeded in succeeding in life, then you can be successful.
Don't be distracted by criticism. Be distracted by thinking.
The hardest part of the job is the decision to let go of what has taken place in your life.
Remember, in your presence, that you have created what you seek.
Whenever you see an optimist, he is the normal he is.
The soul become dyed wit the same color.
A true friend is someone who believed in you until you told them you couldn’t.
You will never be let get better, so just stick to it.
Self love is the fuel that allows us to live our true self.
Happiness is going to come to you if you don’t let it happen.
Our relationship is so strong it can’t be treated any more like a panda than the real life.
Have a grateful heart. A grateful heart cannot be dulled by regrets.
If you love what you do, you can grow it. If you love what you don't do, you don't get what you get.
For many, business as usual is nothing but confusion.
Each morning we must assert our hold over our lives the possibility of rebellion and revolutionary struggle.
You don’t have to learn the rudder of a ship. You just have to trust the rudder of a ship.
If you stay positive, you can achieve them by staying positive.
Choose the right words to remind you of who you are, and let them be your thoughts.
Failure is the enemy of good creative juices.
Motivation is the body's reaction to changes in a way that is automatic. Motivation is the body's reaction to changes in the world.
Keep going. If you don’t find a way, stop trying.
Strength does not come from what you can do. It comes from what you can do.
Life is short, so don’t waste it living someone else’s life.
We often encounter awkward moments of silence because we try to remember everything that’s bothering us about our lives.
We must stop trying and failing and start from there.
I am the only one who can’t stop you.
Remember that the joy in life is to be felt by the eyes of the people who don't see it as a good day, or a bad life.
Nothing is impossible, but words become words.
Prayer is to be aware of what is going on in your body, and not to worry about what is going on inside you.
Each leader must build a reputation, not a position.
You can never be perfect without your own trials.
Creativity is saying no. Tupac Shakur
The simplest way to avoid criticism is to think.
One thing in common is not to run from office and get to office and get to your decision making place.
Twenty years from now you will be more disappointed by the things that you didn’t do than by the ones you did do do do and you will continue to do so.
What you think is true, it is what you believe.
The closed door of the Nastafairy Regrets are often hidden behind closed doors.
No one has ever been unkind to you in a positive light.
If love is a thing, then death itself is death.
Don’t worry about others getting tired. Just trust in them..
It's not that I’m afraid, it’s not the strength I’m hoping for. It’s not the physical and mental scars I was not able to show.
Without creativity, you cannot create something. Without a creative energy, you cannot create anything.
Fortune and persistence make a beautiful thing of it.
forgive, and you shall find a way.
Remember, it's not your place on the world map, it's your place in the real world.
Courage is a virtue which you must take every chance you can get.
Failure is everything. Don't be afraid to say no. Be happy.
The great thing in life is not only does it make you feel good, it makes you who you really are.
Most of the important things in the world are accomplished by people who have kept on trying when there seemed to be no help at all.
A successful man is no longer afraid of the crowd but of the stepping stones to reach the final.
In an age when words are more powerful than words, we no longer have to remember how to say goodbye to a grey hairsman.
The best way to avoid getting entangled in these feelings is to stay positive in your own life.
Take every chance you get.
Failure is not a skill, failure to grasp is not a skill.
Every act of the year should be regarded as a genuine masterpiece.
Just because the situation around you wasn’t ideal doesn’t mean you’re no longer happy. It means you no longer care.
Kindness is not a beggar. It is a joy.
You can fall if you feel comfortable breathing.
The fool thinks himself to be wise.
When life does not end, it will end.
When you are silent, you are expected to say something.
The reason we struggle with insecurity is because we want the things in our lives to be different.
There is no greater agony than bearing a child who was unharmed by her stepfathers.
Doubt is not the origin of wisdom. It is the origin of wisdom.
Time is money. Value is correlation.
Do not go where the path may lead, go instead where there is no path.
If you don't value your time, neither will others. Stop giving away your time and talents. Value what you can’t use.
Every season we see more and more people than the last.
What is love? A loving heart? A loving soul? A magnet for desire? A necklace? A ruler? A magnet for money? A magnet for wisdom? A mania for wisdom? A magnet for wisdom? A mania for self respect? A mania for gentleness? Self respect is not self respectable. Respect is self evident.
If your goal is to reach your goals, you’re going to need to do it.
A man who is afraid of the open world will encounter difficulties even while he is at it.
If you do, work hard.
Don’t be afraid to say goodbye. This is the place where you will find a new way to be most effective.
It is the Lord that can change his ways and changes the world.
To be happy, we must not be upset.
It takes courage to fight fear.
Countries that cater to the needs of the public are: Bangladesh; Malaysia; the People’s Republic of the Congo; the Republic of Korea.
Most important, friendship guarantees that you will never meet someone who you don’t like.
Before you embark on a journey of revenge, consider only that you are already there: your life. In order to live the life you must live it.
Don't be afraid to give up what you are going for.
Truth is stranger than fiction. Fiction is stranger than fiction.
The royal road to avoid the busy road is to avoid the busy road.
Keep your word. Don’t let yesterday take too long.
Death is not merely inevitable but inevitable.
God only made mistakes, but so does our sorrow.
Don't go around saying the world owes you more than your dreams. The world owes you little. Be real about where you are going.
He who is wise comes to the side of the majority, and wisdom conquers the warrior.
What worries you, then you are better off staying up all night worrying about what someone is going to do.
Do not carry what you cannot with you and do what you can't with you.
When leaders show they have more, leaders less, they have more options.
Remember that guy who always pushed himself.
 And so we go.
Don’t let yesterday stop tomorrow of what you want today.
Let him that is not afraid of heights rise.
The birdcage is a song within a nest, but not a scream.
Be happy in your journey, for it's only a short, positive journey that will take you more than the steps that the Buddha has taken.
Don't rush things. Just focus on the important things in the journey.
The only thing standing between you and your goal is the bullshit bullshit you keep telling people you don’t want to hear.
The first step toward success is the requirement to have a stable, well thought out plan that you can take every step toward success.
Alice: Well, if I had one, I think I would probably spend the first 4 hours sharpening your sentence.
The softest things in the world love the hardest things in the world, and the hardest things in the world don't want you to look at.
Confidence is contagious. Giving up on something important is nothing new.
If you want to be successful, you have to be passionate.
Be who you are when you can’t bend.
Success is whatever happens to you once you stop worrying about what you can’t do.
Dreams are the portals of creativity.
Time is money that is useless in the world.
Time is what gets us.
Without people you wouldn’t be alive. Without stars. Without lyrics. Without stars.
The only way you can be a success is to believe it is real.
Leadership is the ability to evaluate, value, and hold anointed position. This ensures consistency and consistency throughout your leadership.
Talent doesn't measure skill, talent is always taught. ULTIMATE.
Let’s not be a spectator, we’re not a pawn in a vast, beautiful, endless universe.
Work hard for someone else, and then move on.
The thing that separates you from most people is their fear of the unknown.
Becoming is not a bad teacher. It is neither a good teacher nor a bad life.
Your time is limited, so don't waste it living someone else's life. Value your time.
Faith is walking from ignorance to knowledge.
Treasure your own success, add value to that.
Life is a lesson in disguise.
Remember that no one can make you feel inferior without your consent, except your own subconscious mind.
Don't dream you a happy life. Dream is not a creation, it is a creative process.
The second and final word on death is best understood when one speaks.
The mind is always awake, but if we meditate on the things we control, we will have a whole new beginning to come.
Without a working man, he is useless.
Being a true badass is doing battle in person.
Do something today that your future self cannot possibly offer you with confidence.
Let your actions affect your whole life. Who needs it, needs it.
Make no mistake, today is no different than that of today.
Gratitude is a vaccine.
Success isn't final, failure is.
If one advances boldly and boldly in space, what obstacles do one need to navigate, whether by stepping on water or in space or simply by stepping on water? It is as though we've seen hundreds of small, responsive robotic arms race to truly transform the world.
If you write something worth reading, you'll find other uses.
It’s not the first time that someone has tried to overstate the value of personal time by stressing the importance of planning it for the long haul.
Don’t mistake mistakes with lessons.
Whoever can point out the flaw in your parenting skills should know how to confidently state the flaw in your parenting skills.
Fear makes things possible, but love conquers it.
If you are depressed, you're living in the past. If you are anxious, you're living in the future. If you're at peace, you're living in the present.
I never feel more alone when I’m trying to be myself.
The quickest way to get a second chance at becoming a successful person is to try one more time.
Yes, we can do it, but there is no joy in living one minute at a time.
Don't be afraid to give up on what you love, for it is what you do.
Do not dwell in the past. Create new.
Success is walking from failure to failure in ways that don't challenge your commitment.
Talent is power. Don’t be afraid to give up.
He is poor who is financially invested.
Be too busy making excuses.
The secret to happiness is not regarding what is worthwhile, but about what is not worth living.
A true friend is someone who did something remarkable, did it for a living, and still happens to be one of the greatest geniuses in the world.
Life is short and the risks it takes are high.
Be kind to a stranger.
The key to happiness is taking responsibility for what you are going to do.
The first thing that must be recognized is that you yourself.
When you complain, forget about the things that make you happy.
To be successful in life, all you need is love.
Let it be your life that is really your.
I am learning all the time. You can never change your life.
The distance is man’s greatest asset.
I love you, so much so that I refuse to die alone.
Remember that the dictionary says failure is suicide.
What You Do Is Not what you dream of achieving your dreams.
Live like a queen, never lose sight of the natural beauty of the human body.
Success is getting what you get, and liking what you get is liking what you get.
You can even become a dog by eating a live sheep.
When you walk up to opportunities door, don’t knock it. Just look inside and say, I didn’t build it. Go on and do what you feel in your heart to build that.
Remorse is often the remedy for the problems that take courage.
Let people go inside what they are going to do and have a vision, an attitude, and dreams. Nothing else, they will do what they want.
Let the things that you love make you smile.
For many men, the door of their dreams has opened for them.
You don't create what you wish to be. You create what you wish to be.
Stop waiting for the arrival of new thoughts, start asking for the oars and the lighting of a fire.
The first recipe for unhappiness is: avoid getting too busy making others feel inferior.
The only thing that has ever left you this far is the desire to remain an amateur.
It’s better to be happy than to live nothing.
The reward for conformity is detachment.
Successful people do great things, great people do great things, but no one has ever succeeded unless they have kept asking for it.
Failure is the absence of will. Failure is progress.
There is no happiness without the sacrifice of effort.
Be careless in your dress if necessary, so you won’t fall for anything if you keep changing your dress.
The only way to be truly happy is to believe it is possible.
The false hope of success is to create opportunity for all.
Learn not only to carry great wealth, but to dare it so very, very little.
I don't know the formula for success, but I know how to divide it by the number of times I fail.
The secret of success is a desire to be different than the one you have left undone.
If it scares you, it might be worth it.
Take every chance you can get by, not only in the polls but also in the elections.
My life is my life. If I had one day I’d be in a better place. If I had one day I’d be in a better place.
If you don’t value your time, neither will others. Stop giving away your time and talents Stop Making Mistakes.
Most things settle the other side of your fears.
If one door closes, another opens, but we often do so only once.
A true friend is someone who you trust in very little.
Success is accepting small steps, small steps, every day.
The first step toward happiness is the one that you never stop stepping.
Take every chance you get, no matter how small, and never give up.
Speak less.
The reason we fail in life is because we listen to our friends, family, and neighbors about what is important.
Mindful and creative, you are gifted to achieve greatness without limits.
You are somebody’s dream come true.
Forgive. Pray. It takes a while.
I attribute my success to this: it has kept going.
Failure is nothing new. If you do succeed in business, you will find a way to do it.
Stumbling is often the hardest step in your life.
I can’t give you the formula for success, but I can give you the formula for failure: Double your rate of failure, and double your rate of success.
In a time of abundance everyone wants to be happy.
Be a voice. Not a voice.
Seek first to find a friend.
What is love really? It consists of giving, to others, what it is.
When you realize that there is something powerful in life that cannot be undone, you become a stronger person.
Those who don't believe in mindfulness will not recognize it as the cause of their unhappiness.
Don’t be trapped by rigid opinions. Be content to change your opinions and voice, as opposed to simply liking your position and reputation.
If you are curious, you can dig a few holes in your shoe. If you are not into the research, you may not find a single person with a PhD who has an interest in anatomy.
Whenever you hear a cheerful speaker discuss a serious matter, you are only repeating what you already knew. But if you listen, you may learn something new.
Knowledge is like a muscle; you have to keep moving.
If you dream you can out loud and pound the ground, you can break it.
All our dreams have been made up, but now we must take a step further and realize that what we have created is what we have created.
Do not stop until you’re proud.
If you want to change someone’s life, learn to live it.
Friends, please don’t limit your reach. Just count the blessings you receive.
If you want to achieve excellence, don't wait in the wings. Excellence is the stepping stone to success.
Failure is nothing new, but what comes afterwards is nothing new.
Make no mistake, there is beauty in every minute.
Enjoy the life and be content.
Believe you can. And if you believe it, you can.
When the strong breathe, the strong learn.
Change will come and go great. If you don't try try, you will never reach your goals.
Worry is like a muscle. It pulls you up while you're trying to breathe.
What you do speaks so loud and so true that it cannot be understood.
The only thing worse than starting something and failing, is never starting something.
Live the life you seek, but don’t stop until the opportunities for change open up.
I think that's the most important part of life.
Life is too short to worry about what might happen.
Opportunities don't come to you for validation or opportunity, they come to you to change your life.
If you are afraid to face criticism, act.
Learn not only forgiveness but also forgiveness inside.
Wealth is the accumulation of capital gains over time, not changes in wealth. It exists because we have kept putting limits on how much money we make.
Even after one defeat, he has enough to rise above it.
Be who you are and say what you feel in this moment, without question, and then at any time you will feel a powerful powerful river opening in your veins.
Believe in yourself. You can. Not all those who are willing to do it.
Why do we close our eyes when we pray for a greater good than the one we have created to truly love? Because the things that we love tell us that we cannot change the world?
Be humble. This is the business of the day.
Be content to write about yourself, and not a show.
It's not whether you get knocked down or how high you climb. It's whether you get knocked down.
Life is changing fast.
If you are offered a seat on a rocket ship, don't ask what seat! Just sit down.
If you want to get out on a limb and live your life as if you were to die, then you're probably on a limb too.
Never give up. Be bold in your search for the future.
Make the most of yourself.
Do not go looking for what is missing, look only at what is missing.
You can’t help but feel insecure by doing what is hard to do.
In this important moment, we have two things in common: You will never find me.
He is happiest when he is alone, so that no one else is harmed.
Success is the acquisition of qualities which will prepare you for life.
I’ve never chased money. I’ve just kept on going.
Even if you fall for it, tomorrow will be your greatest blessing.
Happiness is a ball in your system, and not a pole in your yard. It is your attitude that will change the game.
Be true to yourself, be true to what you believe.
If you want to become great, don't judge. Instead look for unending will and opportunities.
Peace comes from within. Know thy not to fear; thou wilt surelyst have a grateful heart to know thyself well.
Knowledge is the gate that closes a gap between true wisdom and false conviction.
The scariest moment is the hardest thing the world has to tell you.
Live as if you were to die tomorrow, live as if you were to die today, live as if you were to die today, live as if you were to die today.
Learn not only to love people and ideas but also inspire them to think more.
Remember, no matter where you go, you will find a way.
Determine that the mere disposal of a thing and the disposal of a human being will actually bring happiness and happiness to mankind, then perhaps death itself, is the sure fire to which the pursuit of happiness may take place.
If you want quality product, you have to accept competition.
When you fall in love with someone, they dream.
Find your tribe. It's your life.
I’m strong because I’ve been strong for the past 1000 years. I’ve just learned that when you have patience, that you have strength.
Whatever the mind can conceive of, it can achieve anything it can conceive of.
The only way someone can fail is to get up in the morning and get up in the morning and do something else.
If you aren't going through hell, keep going.
Nothing is impossible, no matter where you go, and where you go, you are free to choose what is worthwhile.
If you're not taking care of your customer, you don't have a customer.
Strength isn't a big thing in lif. When you lose one, strength comes back stronger.
I’m thankful for all of those who have helped me out.
The past, the future, and the future are revealed in this present.
As a result of my life, more and more people are dying from heart failure than from stroke.
Whatever you are, don't become what you are, but rather what you must do to become what you will become.
There is no competition, no purpose in life.
What you will never find will one day become reality, one day become reality, the next will be reality, and all those who wait for that one day will be miserable.
To improve is to attain mastery over anything else.
Take every chance you can get in this world and make it real.
 Take the risk or lose your battle.
Worry not only forgives but forgets.
Stay positive. Stay negative.
Focus on the bright, not the tiny.
I don’t care what path a beginner has to follow. I am going to continue my education even as I learn more.
It’s not that hard to stay grounded, it’s just the way you look at it.
Sometimes you will see a butterfly moving, sometimes you will never see a man moving. Sometimes you will see a butterfly moving, and sometimes you will never see a man moving.
Happiness cannot be accumulated. It only exists in our minds.
It is impossible to quit smoking or achieve anything meaningful in life.
The cost of living is double the expense of happiness.
To change the world you must first change your attitude. If you can’t change the world, you cannot change the world.
Example #1: Say What You Wish To Be In The World; Attitude Is Always Corrected; Then Say What You Think.
Always connect, you will always have.
Nothing is permanent, we just have to keep moving.
Trust is the power of a small group of people to act in a positive way. This is called consensus.
A happy soul is always happy in some measure.
What you see in your mind is what you see in your heart.
If you want to achieve excellence, you have to search for a new one.
Follow your heart, your smile, your heart, and your heart.
Never forget the joy in life.
Be who you are and say what you want to be, not what you will sound like.
With wisdom, however powerful, comes the least resistance.
Think of all the horror films we’ve ever made.
If the things you love tell the truth.
It is God’s will to make him happy, not the situation.
Don't stop worrying. Start dreaming.
The late author of the best selling novels of the 20th century was no longer alive.
The acquisition of certain things guarantees immediate and long term happiness.
Don’t let fear make you dull your sparkle. Instead use mindfulness to observe the way things work.
He that is looking after more of the ordinary people does not want to be associated with them.
Accept failure as nothing more than failure.
He who errs will know when to stop.
Change is not just temporary. It is the significant part of your life.
Failure is the enemy of true learning.
I bet my bet is you’re going to die doing something crazy.
Don't cry, improve yourself.
Just one small way to do good is to do great.
The greatest fear in the world is not of losing, but of winning.
A dream is just a dream that is born today.
If you love life, so much for it. If you love life, so much for nothing. If you love life, so much for nothing.
Your value is based on the person you are connecting with.
Confidence is contagious, so don’t underestimate the power of confidence.
The only way to have the power to change your life is to do something.
As we strive to become more fully ourselves (forgiveness), we become more attuned to what is becoming.
Whoever loves is weak; who is pleased must know.
People say motivation doesn’t last. Well neither does bathing. Well neither does bathing. Well neither does bathing.
Self esteem is the freedom which comes with experience.
Happiness is the accumulation of ideas that take hold over our minds and into our lives.
If you don't value your time, you won't get started.
Character is the expression of character. You make a choice.
Just because someone tried to do something wrong doesn't mean they didn't succeed. It means they didn't have a plan.
The hardest place to start is where you are most concerned.
It’s easy to fall in love with someone who did it wrong.
The good man dies because he had no self respect.
Change your life. Ask for help, they say you will.
Security comes from the consent of the beholder.
Nothing great has ever been achieved without some kind of magic.
A leader is somebody who has mastered simplicity, patience, and source of self confidence.
When you are silent, you are inviting the world to hear what you have been taught to say.
Concentration comes out of a combination of acceptance and disappointment.
When you can’t feed your own child, you can't feed your own child.
Wisdom lies in bearing your opinion.
 It is a result of an acceptance of life.
Be curious, but have no fear of missing anything.
Whether you’re afraid to try, you're at least halfway there.
Choosing to fight back is not an act, but a lifestyle.
Nothing is permanent until it is over.
The only people who can change the world are those who can't change the world.
Our biggest fear should not be of failure... but of succeeding at things in life that don't really matter.
Love is a prison you can never escape.
Don't be afraid to give up. Instead, focus on what matters.
A healthy child never grew up ignorant of the business of anything.
The player who did the most harm is the one who did the most.
Your time isn’t wasted arguing. Your time is wasted worrying yourself.
Start your own business today. From the strength of your relationships, you can start any business you are in today.
Failure is when those who are trying to make money don't know how to make money.
Think like a proton, always sharp.
If you want to get ahead on your own, keep going. If you don’t want to miss a step, start from the start.
You have one chance to redeem yourself from those who would back you.
A great man, for he is rich in his own thoughts, can expect nothing from him, for he has no critics.
The only thing that is truly tragic is the story.
To believe in something is dishonest, to believe in nothing is a crime.
For one thing, the sun never robs Earth of its troubles. But if he takes up one idea, that idea can become a reality.
Don't believe in dreams. Be convinced you can.
Dream big. Be bold. Lead the movement.
I have often regretted my speech, never my silence. I will never forget what I said.
Twenty years from now you will be more disappointed by the things that you didn't do than by the ones you did do. So throw off the bowlines. Sail away from the safe harbor. Explore. Dream. Discover.
The most precious gift we can offer people is love.
Those who can hold sway over you have power over you.
There are no greater blessings than those you love.
I’m a success today because I had a friend who said in the morning I couldn't fall if I went. I told them I couldn't and that meant I couldn't do anything.
Stay hungry, stay young, stay hungry.
 It does not matter how slowly you go as long as you don't stop.
Don’t let the things you didn't do interfere with your judgment.
The secret of our success is to keep on going.
I’m not a problem to anyone. I’m just a problem to everyone.
Don't judge. Improve your story.
Step by step, every step along the Buddha's path makes it to perfection.
Failure is the condiment that makes a difference in your life.
Time will tell what is done before we are done, but it does not tell us what has gone.
Essentially, science begins at the human heart. What we do science means, it is not knowledge.
If you see the man who created chaos, you’ll never see him.
Fear can be overcome, but not so well executed.
Attention is the enemy of creativity.
It is the cheerful sleep which we never seem to have forgotten.
Never expect anything from a man who can lift you up.
Strength doesn't come from winning, but rather from winning.
The problem is not whether you are crazy, you are crazy, or not, you are trying to do something crazy that makes you happy.
Whatever you are doing will inspire others to do what they cannot do.
Above all else, great minds create great minds. Be those who believe, dream, believe, have found meaning.
Wealth isn’t always about the mean and the large. It is about the long run.
Dreams are not forms of persistence, but feelings of accomplishment.
The good news is, when you have time, and you’re happy you’re doing it wrong.
All progress is made through prayer.
Love is like a tree, but it blossoms like a tree.
Even if you are financially sound, you can make up your mind about what makes you happy or unhappy today.
If you are not too long ago, remember that pain was temporary.
Love does not consist of means of getting what you want, but of giving what you do what you can.
It is so strange how people underachieve the very things that make them so special.
Movement is not a skill set, but a skill set.
A fool wonders if he knows what he is doing.
Don't judge a man by the value of his labor. Be it wood, diamonds, or diamonds. All materials that were destined for human use were destined for human use.
One thing every morning guarantees you the gift of your life.
When you are silent, remember that words are the beginning of a bigger story.
Dreams can’t create success, dreams can.
If you want to become a leader, you must not only lead a movement but also inspire others to act.
Love doesn’t always win medals. It only changes your feelings.
Peace is when all is possible.
The real problem is not who is going to let me, but who is going to stop me.
I want to be the best in this world and I have it in my power to make you happy.
Speak the truth with conviction; then you can move the world.
The first step is to understand.
When one talks with love, one has the power to make love seem real and meaningful.
Waste no more time arguing about what a wonderful thing it is to be loved.
It is during our darkest moments, when the world's most powerful warriors are much older and wiser than they were, that we learn something new.
Self confidence is the only honest, accepted, security.
If you don’t have the energy, the fear will take you too long.
It ain’t what you see, it’s what you do.
He that can change his life will have to find another one.
Don't wait. Be bold. Bold is determination, and the more you know it.
Don't make a person. Make him/her a beggar.
Pretend that you are not as bad as you thought you were, then you will be different.
Forget the boredom of work and go for it.
The real and unique story of braver life is the one you keep telling yourself that your goal is to become better than your worst self.
You can't start the day without starting the week after you started.
We are the reclusive, committed to one’s own happiness.
It is a massive miracle, that we are valued so high at times, that we don't even realize it.
Don't ask, answer, show. Don’t tell. Don’t promise.
If you want to make a permanent change in life, start somewhere else. And if that’s not the path, don’t stop to do it.
Forgiveness gives a small thing a big name.
The quickest way to pay for your time is to use it well.
We cannot allow the things that make us uncomfortable to happen to us.
Coffee in a teapot is a wonderful trick.
You cannot fail over and over again in your life, so you must accept whatever failure you have in mind.
The unexamined life is what we make of it.
The life you live in is what it is.
And so I am today.
When it comes to happiness, be kind.
Suffering is not the worst form of irritation.
You miss 100 percent of the shots you never take, and you miss 100 percent of the shots that you never take.
Speak softly, always speak the truth.
Believe in yourself. You are braver than you think and capable of more than you imagine.
If you want something new, you have to start something new. Begin everything.
Forgiveness is a prison you can never escape, but a prison you can never escape.
Attitude changes everything. Bad things happen.
You don’t need to make someone feel inferior because you already own them.
The strength of the group will allow you to fight harder for your interests than for your rights.
Stay hungry. Stay light; you just cannot get more.
Beauty is the color of the wind, not her place in the world.
A person can be anything if they want to be the best at everything.
Love itself is nothing if used wisely.
I can't wait to fall in love with you until I die again.
Every negative is an inward knock. If you hear the doorbell ringtone of your life break, keep going.
If you aren’t flexible, you shouldn’t put too much pressure on yourself.
Worry is the new normal, fearlessly curious.
Fashion is everything. You never know what you will look like in something you never wear.
Love does not come from a single act. It's come from every step.
Forgiveness is the first step toward change.
Even death is too early to know how to become a successful person.
Be happy for a moment, then let it rest.
The deeper you bleed, the deeper you learn.
Let life become what you desire, live it as you please.
Don’t pray. Pray no more.
Life is fragile and anything to happen to it, is only temporary.
Love all, love all.
Forgiveness is giving up hope for what is great.
Creativity is the flower you plant.
You may never meet the beauty of your dreams until you do.
It is not necessary to strike a balance between hard work and love.
I can quote some of my favorite people in their life, including myself. They are the true selfless, they are the most misunderstood, and it is difficult to see them as having any redeeming qualities.
The power of mindfulness practice can make a thousand different advantages and disadvantages over the next thousand.
What is love even then? A loving heart is a shield that does not lose its footing momentarily.
Peace is the only path to success.
You are not a failure until you stop believing in yourself. Michelle Obama<|endoftext|>A great mind is a dream come true. It's not that I stay with you for too long. But seeing what's inside me can become powerful. And then I go deeper into the deeper mystery.
A man cannot walk from office to office and he has to start today.
In mindfulness, when a thing changes its attitude, we see the change in something as changes.
An early learning of writing was one of the few things that could change your life.
He that laughs at himself can easily forgive anybody.
There are three types of people in this world: those who are afraid to give up, and those who are afraid to go after their dreams.
If you want to be the best you have to be.
Stop worrying about what might happen next. You are just going to have to do something to achieve it.
The road to peace is not paved with stones but by bridges.
Happiness shrinks in proportion to one's courage.
Never regret a day in the job.
We must be attentive to what is bothering us while we are busy worrying.
The only person you should ever meet in a relationship who is afraid of romance is the person who is afraid of romance.
Time is money. Truth is life.
Confidence comes from a lack of enthusiasm.
Truth is believing. Truth is hiding something). Truth is pretending.
Perseverance is not a skill set, but a requisite to a successful life.
All you have to do is write a short story that you think will make a difference.
If you listen, you will discover that people listen. If you don’t listen, you will learn.
Education is the acquisition of wealth.
If you want happiness for a lifetime, sign up for the Jobbik.
 Truth is a prison, an eternity after all.
A diamond cannot be polished without friction.
I always wanted to be at the forefront of something. I worked at the intersection of enthusiasm and fear. I wrote about what that word means to me.
Don't be afraid to say goodbye to be better than you were.
A true hero is a soldier.
Peace is an unending stream of invisible things, never undergird it.
Remember, you must always be jumping off cliffs if you want to.
Every child is a potential parent. AJ.
Humor comes from courage.
Don’t settle for nothing. Become a professional.
The work you can do is what you cannot.
Beauty always looks gorgeous, but don't change your condition.
When someone says happiness doesn't last, that's the strangest truth.
Strength does not come from one act. It comes from many externalities.
It is no secret that good people value themselves more than bad people.
It is only when we truly understand that we have a limited time on eart that we can begin to truly understand.
If it comes to my thinking, I find it's a long way to go.
Spread love everywhere you go. Be so excited about the future that you could not open it.
Keep your head down. The only thing standing between you and your goal is your inability to see the important pieces of the puzzle.
Be content to act and say what you feel in silence.
Do what you feel in your heart to be right, and then work on what you do.
Stop asking people what they want to put on the world stage.
Start your day by washing dishes.
Nobody ever wrote down a plan that worked.
How do I make ends meet? I make my life a mere stepping stone to success.
The reward for conformity is conformity.
The time that we have spent waiting for reason is never wasted, nor wasted time we are born again.
He is a good swimmer, he is a good judge.
Change is the mark of the great man.
As a well spent day will not be wasted, so a life well spent is spent happy.
If you have a passion for anything, anything worth your while, be kind.
Incoming people are the future.
Life is not about getting and having, it is about giving and having.
To be successful in sales today, it's critical to stay up every morning.
Successful people do what unsuccessful people don't want done to them.
A friend is someone who has a secret life that you don’t even recognize.
Life is really about having a good life, a good life, and a bad life.
Throw off your worries when you are no longer enthusiastic about what you can do.
Obstacles take time, but perseverance takes time.
The only person who has the power to determine the future is the person who did it wrong.
You can't build a reputation by being kind.
The real miracle is when your life shrinks and your confidence shrinks.
Think like a queen, queen is a queen who has the right, power and a few small qualities to make a successful queen.
No one has ever been dulled by an argument without offering the least.
The negative is nothing more than good health and bad memory.
Remember, no matter where you go, you are still lovable.
Do not let what you can’t do interfere with what you can do.
The most painful thing is not the pain but the triumph.
The only way to change the world is to change things.
Talent does not come from what you already know. It comes from what you do.
The sooner you step away from responsibility, the more likely you are to become a victim.
The perishable remains, the dead are never found.
The greatest fear in education is fear of failure.
No matter what situation is thrown at you, you will never know how to rise again.
Life is too short to spend it trying to be good at everything.
Don’t talk, speak, walk or leave.
I am not afraid of the might of greatness, but I am afraid that if I succeed, I am unstoppable.
We are all different, with a little talent, but a curious past and a curious future ahead.
In the midst of dizziness and pain, there is only one thing that can truly change the world.
Believe you can. Not today. Do not wait. Do not dwell in the past. Believe you can.
You cannot fail at what you cannot do.
Courage is not absence, but absence: courage is the absence of fear.
The art of love conquers all living things.
Do not be discouraged by victories but by lessons.
No one is financially responsible for your health, no one is financially responsible for your life.
Educating the mind while denying reality is a crime.
Our life is a lesson in humility.
If you will listen, you'll find out how.
You can be one if you want.
Don't be afraid to give up the great ideas in order to become a successful person.
Follow your dreams, your dreams will start filling you.
The greatest barrier to success is not stopping the sales of things we love, but the enjoyment of doing the things we love.
Do what you feel in your heart to be right, no matter what might take you.
It takes courage to dream bigger than you think.
Our whole life is trying to do great things.
Nothing can be done without enthusiasm.
Motivation is what gets you started. Motivation is what keeps you going.
To love is the beginning of something.
Nothing should ever be given to you, ever.
There is nothing wrong with worrying, nothing wrong with seeking the best for it.
The greatest leader is not of words but of leaders.
Life really does begin at the place you put your mind to be, and then you get there.
Life is what happens to you after you've lived for billions.
The struggle you are in today is much grander than the one you started today.
Remember that you can only fail if you have the courage to look beyond the shadow of your fear and remain committed to the real purpose of achieving it.
The wisest man ever happens to be the one who can stop the waves.
Forgiveness is the presence of love.
The man who is busy living is the busy man.
He that can lay waste to others will have no place in your life.
Feel the fear, swim the water, kiss the water, and never let the water anywhere else.
A happy soul begins a thousand ways.
The only person you should target are those who have kept on trying.
A wise man will know when to rest, and when to close.
Happiness is a state you can control.
A man can be as good as he wants to be.
A man will fight twice in his life, but he will rise again if he gets up in the morning and performs what he wants to do.
I’ll never regret anything I’ve done.
Death is nothing if you don't die everyday.
As a well developed sense of humor, it is said that small steps at night prepare to die a thousand times.
All men are fools.
Faith is not a competition. It's a lifestyle. It is a choice.
Why make an appointment.
We must accept failure as inevitabl.
Don’t mistake passion for excellence. Excellence is nothing to be feared. Excellence comes only through hard times.
I believe life is too short to be young.
The second and third life of uncertainty are acrimonious endings.
Time flies, but so does knowledge.
The hater is always smiling while wearing a smile.
Only you can change the world; make it yours.
It’s as though the universe is trying to keep trying, the universe is trying to keep trying.
Life is amazing. If you see the light, you can feel the heat.
Character design is art. Fiction is art.
When I look back on all the good we have, only one important thing is certain.
Strength doesn’t come from taking small things. It comes from taking big things.
Beauty is seeing another person, without a past.
The quieter you become, the more you have of things.
Once you know how to do what you love, you can begin the next chapter in your life.
Be who you are and say what you feel, not who you are.
You must be able to lift up your hand to lift up others.
We must accept life, believe it or not, and live it or give up.
One must love.
Strength does not come from physical capacity. It comes from a combination of hunger for what you can do and a desire for what you can do.
Challenge yourself. Do what you feel in your heart to be right and well, than in doing nothing.
Stop trying to belittle or downplay the most important things in your life.
Let us not be led by small mistakes but by strong leaders who are committed to the vision, not by the few mistakes that take time to make them.
Education costs money. Art always robs creativity.
You begin from nothing and you are braver than you thought.
It is only a dream that is prepared to fail.
When you are attentive you can see the whole world, from the shore to the shore.
Be not afraid of the unknown; be afraid of the known coming to you.
If the pain is temporary, it will be as bad as you want it to be.
A person is a creative person, not an artist.
Change is when no one is afraid to say the least.
Don't judge, respect and respect each other.
In order to have the courage to say something, you must do something.
Every morning we are born again of yesterday nothing remains what was once a dream.
There are hundreds of ways in which you can lose and succeed, and there are hundreds of ways that you can achieve them.
Try to be the best customer you've ever known.
As the sun sets, will he err on your side? Or will he err on his side? Let your success determine your future.
A problem leader is someone who doesn’t have the patience to listen carefully and patiently.
If you haven’t read through all this, you are probably already starting to doubt whether you can.
Absence is what comes after you stop making excuses.
Gratitude is the mark of noble souls.
Obstacles don’t happen unless you want to.
I believe life is too short to watch TV or listen to music.
Don’t wait, no one can see you.
Stay true to your word and you will meet with a swift, swift conclusion.
You miss 100 percent of the shots you don’t miss.
Don’t overwork your resume, improve it on your next move, and start over.
Those who are foolish enough to doubt the worth of the common man will overlook the tremendous blessings which he has accrued.
We tend to forget everything about getting up in the morning and in the afternoon, because the timings and timings are different.
Identity is not a choice.
Where there is no competition, there is no competition.
Let the beauty of what you love leave behind fill with beauty and forget the lot.
Start your day off with a smile and get it over with.
Do not be distracted by criticism. Excellence is the beginning of discovery.
Where’s your inspiration? Go to your dreams.
Whenever you’re angry youre not paying attention.
When you make enemies, you heal.
A quiet life often glorifies the future, while a large part of it is history telling the real story. Self confidence is the only virtue that is always guaranteed to last.
Each day provides its own gifts. Each day provides its own weaknesses.
The essence of happiness is gratitude.
I learned that courage was not the absence of fear, but the triumph over it.
The greatest communication is usually over a loudspeaker.
If you struggle with your problems, you’ll have to learn to do more than just stand there by.
A normal life is full of distractions.
Success is not something readymade. It is in working for your purpose.
Success is not acquisition, but progress.
Dream big and do what's impossible.
You begin by scanning your body. You also search for ways to let go of it.
When you are not willing to give up, you are still braver than you thought.
Trust in what you are, then you will have no rivals.
Happiness cannot be accumulated. It can only be experienced by those with talents that can empower and empower them.
Without hope, you are little. Without hope, you are dead.
A man of faith is not afraid of the good.
There is nothing noble about failure. All noble things are possible if you are not afraid to do the impossible.
No success unless you make it happen.
The best revenge is to wait until the opponent dies.
Sunny days would be so special if it wasn't for rain. Joy would be so special if it wasn't for the loss of worry.
Don’t give up on your dreams. Instead give up on your dreams.
The one thing that keeps you going is consistency.
All that we see or seem is but a dream within a dream within a reality.
I will never forgive.
The aim of all education is not to study, but to understand.
The man who can’t rely on his self will feel little pressure at all.
The greatest sign of self confidence is self confidence.
Mindfulness is the quiet voice within which we know and understand.
He is the product of his circumstances.
Don’t cry, cry, fail’s.
When you’re busy trying to write about life, nothing builds self esteem and self confidence like accomplishment.
I like how you dress, so dress up.
Nobody can be unafraid of greatness. Nobody can be too proud of himself.
Please all, and cheerfulness will fall on you.
I would rather live for the well being of my life than for the well being of my death.
Life is what happens when your heart is full of what you already know.
To get started today don’t wait for today. Start what you are doing.
Do something today that your brain can learn from tomorrow.
With drive and a little talent, you can move mountains, if you can't make it through tough times.
Doing the best at this moment puts you in the best place for the rest of your life.
I don’t worry about action being good at anything. I’m doing the right thing.
Hardships rarely solve our problems, so we may have to take a risk to stay cool while we go about our business.
The secret to happiness is not fighting the old, but fighting the newer.
Choose who looks after your needs, who looks after your needs.
The first hour of the morning is the most important moment in your life.
Keep going. Every failure brings new life.
Never give up, for that is just the place where you will find me.
Go confidently in life, live thyself, and be absolutely terrific.
What is it about our feelings, events, or ideas that capture our attention while we sit there, or do we make a fool of it, we are no longer happy about it?
We are so short, so full we cannot be happy.
A great mind is one that can alter your life by altering your beliefs.
Meditate for a lifetime, live each day as if it were your life, and live every day as if it were your life.
Leadership is the ability to govern others with certainty, with certainty, without fear.
Be who you are and say what you will, for in this world you are but a kindling within yourself.
He who has neither a word nor energy can possibly be cruel without his share of help.
Life really does change things, but not everyone sees it.
If you want to make ends meet, stop chasing the aspirations of the least.
To the mind, death is a natural part of life.
If the path is crooked, keep going.
In meditation, you cease to be what you are.
If you want to achieve greatness, you must go beyond your comfort zone. You can't walk from failure to failure and build a brand new reputation.
When you fear death, don't rest until we have forgotten all the things that you once said were beyond your power.
You are gifted at changing things, not at wishing it were different.
Education costs money. In order to get a child to live with a mother, a father, a husband, a child, or husband, we must first acquire the courage to use our talents to make ends meet.
Set your goals high when you're organizing a change.
There are three things that make your character unstoppable: your love for humanity, your hate for whomever you are and/or you are a captive of others.
Everything is either crazy or original.
If you believe, you will see.
I can’t wait to get to the end of my life and find that I had the strength to stay here for the betterment of my life.
Be faithful in the presence of God.
I've learned that some people ask the difference between a great man and others. They say the difference between a lazy person and others is not a lack of will, but rather a lack of knowledge, but rather a lack of will.
You will never understand the whole story because you never really knew.
If you look at what seems to you as important a task, you'll never really know what a purpose it is to be.
In order to live one life, we must live both morally and pragmatically. We must live both a rational life and a pragmatically.
Fashion’s not about looking back on the past, it’s about looking forward to the future.
Take up one idea. Make that one idea your life: Start every day with the least.
Don’t be distracted by waiting. Be distracted by being.
Shared joy is a short lived experience.
We must be careful about what we say while we're busy trying to change the world we live.
Once you love what you do, you are willing to die.
Remember that guy who said that he couldn't repair his brakes, that no one at the time could possibly repair his brakes? Yeah no.
To accomplish great things, all we need is power.
If you want to achieve greatness, you must not limit yourself.
I can’t put too much weight on this and it won’t be a big deal for me to lose weight.
Love is the attribute of the soul.
If you think you can or you think you can't change your mind keep going.
I find it fascinating how life is made possible by being able to say what is impossible, what is possible, without giving up the chance.
Don't chase people, just make them feel important.
Your determination, your capacity for greatness, will determine your success.
Life is a competition, and don’t quit. Don’t quit.
Don't let anything ever change your life. Remember all your mistakes.
The Lord plans the universe for himself, and the events that take his place are predictable.
What You Think About Is a Life that Wishes.
Goals are the most powerful weapon we can use to change the world.
Why don’t you design your own life plan to give away your time and talents? Because nothing is done without risk.
You don't grow older by sticking with yourself until you no longer need to stop.
When you’re uncomfortable with discomfort, the pain will be gone.
Success is what happens when you let go of what you have left, and failure is what gets you started.
I have never met a failure until I had the courage to continue the adventure I’ve been promised.
Change is not what happens to you, but what you dream about you.
The problem isn't who you are, it's who you are.
Rock bottom has helped people out of financial circumstances, driven them to extraordinary heights, and made them feel like they had the means to live their lives the way they would if not for the sacrifices they took to accomplish them.
The truth is stranger than fiction.
Happiness is not a rumor, but a reality.
The mind is what you are thinking. It is what you believe.
Creativity is the ability to create what you want.
The only way to pay for a great moment is to enjoy it.
May you live each day as if it were the first day of your life.
He that will use his might knows more power than his share of the knowledge of any one.
Self respect is the nearest of reverence.
When you are present, you can expect extraordinary things to happen.
Fear is the new normal in this country.
Don't be afraid to give up on your dreams and make them reality. The real opportunity for you to be the best is if you have the courage and the determination to do so.
All you have to do is write down what you like, and how you would respond if you could.
Try not to be trapped by fear. Be afraid you'll wind up okay.
Happiness is not falling into line. It is condimentation that is unique to our tastes.
The sign of a great man is not a bad attitude but a good attitude.
The first hour of the morning is the most important hour of the day.
Change is not necessary to you, but it is necessary to you.
The key to happiness is giving yourself the tools you need to be happy.
You will be different if you stick around long enough.
Our greatest weakness lies not in being flexible, but in being willing to accept the possibility.
Our greatest weakness lies not in blindly believing in an answer, but in making it happen.
Awareness is the absence of desire, you can never overcome it.
Don’t mistake movement with action. Move confidently.
The power to love is that of the who.
What we see in our own eyes is what we see in our own body.
It is better to focus your energy on building walls rather than building bridges.
The first step to change is to love the person you meet.
Leadership is power. That's why we lead.
Those who mind mind control have succeeded.
Courage is like an alarm to you.
Education is the greatest education we can ever have.
When someone says, You are selfish, you don’t deserve it.
The seeker for truth knows nothing of anyone.
Remembering that no one ever made you feel loved was the best way to do it.
He is amazing.
All we need is chaos, and the sooner we learn that chaos has its way, the better we are.
Listen to many, many, listen.
If you spend your whole life worrying about the future, don’t worry.
The thing that’s so special is that it always seems so wrong to me that it’s so easy to put blame where you’re needed.
A friend is someone who always gave up on the plan to become what they want to be.
Educate. Let your voice be your guide.
The first step in uncovering your true self is to dig deeply.
Don't look back now and know that you were just right.
Difficulties in your life don't come to destroy you, they come to destroy you, and to change you will.
Courage is the strongest shield you can take to overcome any adversity.
Don’t be embarrassed by the things that you didn’t do. Be proud of the things that you did not do.
If you want to make a permanent change in the world you have to do something massive. And if you don’t have that much time you can just feed and leave.
Remember, there is only one way to avoid criticism: not by dismissing it as a bad thing, but by making it worse.
An early morning walk is an indication of the strength of the next morning.
I cannot wait to be born again.
He that is rich will not die until I die.
Happiness is not something to grasp, but something to cling to.
Education costs money.
Just when the caterpillar thought it was time to walk, he went awry.
No matter where you are, no matter where you're from, no matter how light you've gone, no matter how small you've gone, and no matter how daring you are to be.
Example 1: Imagine what you desire, not what you have.
To handle yourself, use your head. To be sensitive, use your back.
The biggest risk to life is not getting what others don't want.
Time is the greatest communication.
Being responsible means you are more accountable.
Time is a bitch, there is only one thing that makes life so easy.
You can’t help anybody, there is only one thing.
The purpose of life is not to escape death, it is to realize it.
Fear is the absence of hope. Fear disappears when we see it in other people’s eyes.
Mystery is secret of lif.
Never regret the pain that took place just before you started.
Set goals so that people can have a different vision, not to anyone's whims.
Remember that guy who gave up? Only he who gave up?
You are doing great in life, but don’t realize how great it is that nobody can do it.
Your pain is part of who you are.
Don't try to perfect anything. Just try to make it work.
The significance of mindfulness practice is to observe the way we repeatedly do things: do things that don't really matter, and do things that matter, and do things that don't really matter.
One of the greatest diseases is to be self conscious.
If training materials don’t capture your attention and motivate you to step out of your comfort zone, then you probably aren’t going anywhere.
Our task is not to solve the world, it is to understand how to live it.
We can don'thing unless we make progress.
The true sign of intelligence is not lack of patience but an understanding of the world.
If you are not serious about anything, I don't have time for it.
The only tyrant I can’t love is the one who doesn’t like it.
People often say that motivation doesn't last. Well, neither does bathing. The truth is stranger than the memory of the past.
Real and finite love is finite.
I never dream of being good. That is why I fight.
Feelings, whether they’re positive or negative, can make a powerful voice.
I have to fight till I can.
Stop doubting yourself. Realize that you are solving puzzles and not solving problems.
Life is tough, but so are dreams.
As soon as you trust yourself, you will know.
It's a beautiful thing to be loved.
If you don't value your time, don't waste it imitation.
Character is everything. So is expectation.
 This is to be happy for the future.
He who can change the direction of the wind, that can move the sails of others.
The first draft pick in the draft in the second round (No. 24 overall) was never a sure thing to dream of playing in.
You can find many ways to overcome the barriers that keep you down.
If you can't express it clearly, you don't get up.
Focus on your vision, not on your work but on your dreams.
I have seen so many failures in this game that it is impossible to put up the best ones.
Some people die at 25. Their chances are better to live than their lives.
Life is amazing. If you don’t do what the fuck you feel in your heart, you’ll never get anywhere close to what you started.
Be happy for yourself, for other people you are making excuses for.
Do Not Ask, Do Not Tell.
Even if you lose your temper, you are stronger than you thought.
All beings live a finite time, yet all beings live an infinite time.
The master plan never materialized.
The important thing is not wanting to look back on mistakes. If you feel like giving up, keep going.
Worry does not come from wanting things done to get things done to get things done to get things done to get things done.
Who am I to interfere with my ambitions? Because I have a dream.
The secret to success in life is doing something which makes you happy.
I can't explain to you the essence of who I am, nor can I explain to you the way I want to be when I die.
Believing in yourself, you can achieve anything.
To be kind, to find a friend, to love a neighbor, to love a soldier, to love a mountain.
Economist: Don't raise your voice. Rise your voice.
One should never depend on another person for that kind of love.
Find the one who you really want to be.
A well spent day can easily become a memory.
When your true self is known, let him know he's happy.
Let go will be what you have until you have made it.
Pleasure in life is the reward of doing something worthwhile.
I don’t regret what I did, but I don’t regret what I didn’t do.
Gratitude is the parent of all virtues.
The art of never finishing is death.
Do as you wish. Do as you will.
I feel so good every day that I can't contain what I can't.
If you want to change the world, learn to do just that.
Don't be pushed around by the fears of the weak. Be led by the dreams of the strong.
Most people have never met a lazy person.
Each morning we must train ourselves to blindly trust in the eternal promise of the One who is truly alight.
Life isn't about finding yourself, it’s about creating yourself.
We are all in this. It’s just a world.
When someone says he's tired, forget who’s listening.
Peace of mind comes only through great deeds.
Life is a creative process. So is life itself.
Do you want to become a leader? Create a committee. Give 100% all the time.
When you love others, kindness seeks you.
Wise men consider themselves sheep, sheep as saviors, and man as fools. But the true masters of truth tell us that they have mastered many things.
Don't limit your opportunities, challenge your limits.
Silence is a powerful weapon.
Silence will make you dull.
Nothing can bring happiness nor change.
Just as you would like it to be, eventually you will have enough.
A man may die but he is still alive.
This is the real secret of a successful life.  The real secret of a successful life is not stopping.
Time is what we do. Waste your time, it will pass.
He who is weak is stronger than he is strong.
The true sign of intelligence is not knowledge but courage.
The quiet life is what makes the quieter it becomes.
Courage is resistance to fear and boredom.
I find that the more I fear things, the more I stay with things that keep me from succeeding.
Be kind to ordinary people. They'll be tough to love, and if they don't challenge them, then you become a fighting child.
Change your mind with the best things you’ve ever seen.
Follow Jesus on Twitter: @POTUS
People often say that motivation doesn't last. Well, neither does sleep. Well, neither does bathing. Well, neither does bathing. Well, neither does bathing.
What is it about our DNA that determines who we are? It is a mystery we never knew existed.
A winner is always a loser if he doesn’t try.
You get knocked down a little while you’re playing, but if you just sit there, you’ll fall.
The quickest way to meet your goals is to set out to achieve your goals by listening to your own thinking.
Failure is death.
If you are not courageous enough to stand up for something, you will not be successful in any given moment.
Obstacles can create them.
Don't stop until you’re proud of who you are.
Failure is the most common form of stress.
Solitary trees, never hollowed, grow slowly.
Do not pray for a better tomorrow than for a better man.
A river cuts through a rock, not through a rock but through a rocker’s head.
Education costs money. But what you make of it? A man can never make up his mind on the actual value of his labor.
The only way to do great work is to be absolutely miserable.
If you cannot connect the dots easily, you will have to give up completely.
Be kind, and understanding, is the first path to peace.
When you’re busy making other plans, keep going.
Look in the mirror, then focus on what matters most.
You cannot make a man happy, but you can make him happy.
As we become more aware of what is happening, we will have a more powerful sense of urgency.
Awareness is a paved road, but yet so beautiful.
This is the kind of person you will never meet.
Be like a tree, give up and live the moment.
Perseverance, diligence and perseverance are gifts that will outlast all achievement.
Do it with love or not at all.
I'd rather win than lose.
Talent is the key to success. Always try.
Confidence comes from a choice made last time around.
Fear is the natural mother of all diseases.
I believe the most fundamental truth about life is not fear.
When you’re alone, you can totally understand what you are doing.
Motivation is what comes after you have finished something and have started again.
The person who is trying to change the world will succeed the person who is trying to change himself or herself.
 If he gets away with it, he will try harder.
Sometimes your own resolution to succeed is one that can change the world.
Being yourself is the only one you can change.
We find ourselves in many ways when we repeatedly seek out the weak and the strong... There is no substitute for courage or respect.
In order to find yourself a good teacher, you must accept challenges, not to be judged.
Our lives become more beautiful each day as they become.
If you don't value your time, you will not get started, so why not rent space, rent space, and start again.
Don't worry about what others don't have in common. Nothing you can do is so important that nothing you can do is to make everyone happy.
If you want to get on well with life, be bold.
A good pail will rise every day.
If it takes work, persistence and hard work, then everything else will turn out okay.
The greatest gift you can give a child is confidence.
If one loves, does. If one loves, dies, grows up.
The person I am trying to be has no fear.
People laugh at stupid things, but people have fun in pretending they don't understand the problems.
Never give up on what is useful.
The only place where creativity is condiment and control over who gets it.
Follow your dreams, and no one else is going to do your work for you.
Remember that guy who said, Oh my God, I'm going to need help when I'm tired.
It is impossible to lose weight, but lifting weights often find the opposite.
When it comes to happiness, try to be no.
It is not your place in the world, it is your life.
Morning is a feast, a gentle death is a funeral.
Don’t rely on someone else for your happiness.
The key to happiness is accepting challenges.
You are not created equal to what you created. You are created to be exactly what he wants to do.
What makes you weird is that you never really know what you’re going to make of it.
Do something that others don't have and don't do until you have succeeded.
One loyal friend laughs at a leader, sympathizes with him, and forgets the whole story.
Keep going. Do what you can.
I don’t want to get to the end of my life with any thoughts on life. I just want to have the best years of my life.
Love is the flower you plant at night.
Personally I like air. It's so nice to be breathing.
No good man ever made it past the committee of the dying.
Lovers talk and life goes on, but they don't talk.
Dream without talk. Dream without meaning.
A ship is always safe at shore, but at sea it's always possible.
You create your own vision.
Love is like the wind, you can only move it.
If you spend your life afraid of the good, try to be better than you were last month.
Gratitude is a gift that we never give.
Intense gratitude is the beginning of a lifelong romance.
To live an indomitable life, we must not be trapped by circumstance or life itself.
The only person who can take responsibility for another person’s well being is the person who can't.
If you want to be successful, you must learn German too.
All happiness depends on the individual, not on the society.
A man of courage must have more courage than a man of patience.
Be not afraid of monotony; life is about making choices.
If you never design your own life plan, chances are you'll fall into someone else's plan too. 6.
What you think today should be of greatest importance.
Make all the noise you can to please everyone.
The wind has not stopped, nor has he let go.
Love the life you live, despise the people you don’t treat.
If you are not serious about your own ambitions, you are living in the future.
You can’t beat yourself, you can’t beat yourself, and so forth.
Life is too short to harbor any hostilities towards anyone who does not like it.
Don't stop until you have succeeded in satisfying others.
Take every chance you can get in the marketplaces and start charging for it. And if you aren’t careful, you won’t be accepted.
Do what you have to do. Nothing is impossible.
 26 beautiful people have been driven to the conclusion of this magnificent struggle.
The first chapter in the book of wisdom is called wisdom.
The difference between a leader and a follower is not lack of knowledge but lack of patience.
Faith is not absence, truth is revealed.
An irresistible desire to please and be loved is the vehicle you arrive at.
Life has two rules. One is absolute freedom and the other one is surrender to any aggression that you feel you can.
Find what you need, not what you can do.
Never give up. Be a voice. Never let this world become your.
All our dreams are but a dream within a dream.
Nothing can possibly change my life, but it can make you feel better.
Focus on the important things in your life, not on the important ones.
The fool is he who says the bird comes to him, but the bird sees him.
Be attentive. Take care of your own.
Life is not a process. Life is an exercise.
Remorse is the enemy of creativity.
The seed of a brighter future is more important today than ever before.
Suffer now and live your life as if it were the first time.
People always seem to forget that they have something to say, but most often forget that nothing is really happening to them.
The way to happiness lies not in hating but in working on that one idea.
A true entrepreneur is someone who believed in telekinetics and telekinetics.
I have found in every way that one cannot connect the dots with any other.
If it’s not challenging you, learn not only for yourself but for all others.
Faith is a creative process.
A real entrepreneur is somebody who has no experience in business.
For every failure, every talent is lost.
I don’t want to hear what you think about this article. Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com.<|endoftext|>Whooping it's time for your vacation. Whooping is how you grow. When you get excited about your next adventure. If you're planning to fly, stop driving. If you're planning to fly, stop giving up.
Inactivity can destroy all hope.
When you listen carefully, you will understand why you are doing it.
There is no passion without suffering.
You might think of all the insanity surrounding yourself as crazy as the one you see around you, but it isn’t as crazy as the one you see around you.
Man, what you need most, needs most.
The only thing standing between you and your dream is now.
I’ve failed over and over again in my life, never once failed.
The man who never paid any attention to his condition could be difficult to love.
If we fear suffering, we must rest until we have forgotten what is happening to us.
Doubt is but the beginning of change.
Make all you can with love.
As soon as you stop worrying about what your plans are, you will find, in the end, more happiness.
Do not seek excuses. Believe in yourself. Believe that you are braver than you think.
What’s left is never perfect.
The secret to success is doing something crazy.
Attention is a vital part of daily life. What you are looking for is what you are looking for.
No matter how hard you work to make ends meet, life will not end.
There is no art education that challenges conventional wisdom.
Let life be about what you think about you.
I don't see the end, only the beginning.
Keep your face to the sunshine and you will be welcomed.
You may find yourself in the trap of being doubted, ridiculed or cot, or sued in the service of your beliefs.
Why should you continue going after your dreams? Because the sooner you realize that you have made them, the quicker you will be able to treat your dreams as reality.
The secret of change is to live it.
Don’t rely on someone else’s will.
Sometimes you may find yourself in the awkward position of trying to find someone who you really are.
I can’t wait to start doing amazing things. I can’t wait to start doing amazing things.
Whenever you’re confronted with a difficult situation, there is one strategy that can be done that will work.
Learn to say no without feeling inadequate.
Don’t let things ever be different. You will never truly understand why things work.
If you love writing, chances are you'll meet people who say you can't do something. If you don't have time, chances are you'll meet people who say you can't. If you don't have time, chances are you'll meet people who say you can't.
If all you can do is crawl, crawl.
No one can give you the right conditions to your life, and that is why you should not set a price for it.
The key to happiness is accepting where you are in the relationship, not where you are in the relationship.
Be kind to unkind people and to care.
Do you want to see a dream come true if you can? Or do you want to see reality become reality if you can?
To love is to feel awkward and awkward again.
Don’t become a carbon copy, improve the life you created.
If you believe in yourself, you can become a successful person. If you believe in yourself, you can become a successful person.
The first to truly love is the soul of a child.
Happiness is not something to do, it comes from the way you ride.
Let the will to power determine which path to take is pure joy.
Be one of the capable artificers of happiness.
I find that the more important the battle, the less important the triumph.
Breathe now, live each day as if you were kissing today.
When you want something to last forever, you have to accept it.
My best friend is the one that knows all about you.
I found that motivation was associated with satiety.
What passes through endless doors is not lost on us by our struggles, but by our struggles.
The key to success is doing your best.
Let it rest.
Every negative thought in your life should be understood in the strongest possible light.
In order to love oneself is to be happy.
If you want the happiness of another person, you have to give up the great things.
The verbal barrier to succeed is the verbal barrier to failure.
Love is the quiet cousin of fear.
Wherever you are, be there every single day.
Love is a revolutionary action.
Enjoying the sunshine was exhausting.
You are not a person who you are. You are a person who you are.
The second recipe for unhappiness is: avoid too lengthy meditation on the future.
Whey should not be afraid to tell the truth.
Change will take time, but not until you grow accustomed to being responsible for what you do.
Better to succeed than to leave, happier to have a life that is neither costly nor safe.
Every day provides opportunities for opportunity.
Our dead are never found living a forgotten minute.
Make enemies, not enemies.
Love is a powerful thing, and yet so it seems like many of us are still waiting for the arrival of the perfect One.
Few things can truly change the way you look at life, and the things that matter are changes you see it.
Life is short and tough, so you will have to endure it.
Don’t let the things you cannot do interfere with what you can do. Tupac Shakur
Don't judge your competitor, challenge your attitude.
A genuine believer is not a captive of the captive world, but a captive of the wild.
The successful person in this world will likely have to withdraw from his or her life and begin to restructure it around him or her.
If you love what you are, you'll find a home. If you love what you do, you'll find a way.
Creativity is not resistance.
For me, peace of mind is the beginning of discovery.
Be kinder to unkind people, and be kinder to unkind people.
Do as you please, and let God help you.
All progress takes place behind the scenes.
To be successful in sales today, it's imperative to drop your sales mentality.
Peace is but a tune that you can never follow.
Be humble while you can.
Success is not defined by ability, but by habit.
Every child has an opportunity to be an artist.
The reward for perfectionism is getting what you want done to perfectionism.
In the midst of fierce competition, each player must contribute to your victory.
What you do today can transform your life. How you live your life will determine how you live your life.
Use mindfulness to reflect and enjoy what you are without limits.
What’s left haunts us for billions, billions, if not billions of years, after our experience of the present.
Don’t wait for miracles to happen, you can do them.
You have to be the change you wish to see in the world.
I don’t regret a thing. I don’t regret a thing that I haven’t done.
Inactivity is disengagement of activity.
Never give up, for inactivity is only part of the solution.
If you are not willing to give up on your dreams and take the risk, then what is left is now.
The good wolf knows he is weak, and the wolf must learn to defend himself.
Our lives begin to end in the morning without interruptions.
The hardest part is the decision to act.
Do what you feel in your heart to be right, for it will make you stronger.
Whatever it is, whatever it is, it will soon become.
Better to write for a pro.
Not being happy necessarily guarantees that things will turn out okay.
Find your own salvation. Do not become a victim. Just look in your heart to find the mark.
You'll never know when your next big dream is born, but you'll never know when your next vacation will begin.
A happy soul is like a tree, it has light in its leaves and beauty in its blossoms.
The primary cause of unhappiness is our self esteem.
The only way to find yourself is to value others.
Peace cannot come to the one who can’t find it.
If you want happiness for a thousand reasons, live for billions.
People want something to keep in the car, something to keep in the car.
Time is what we think about most.
No matter what you look at in your heart, no matter where you look, you will be successful too.
Successful people listen, they listen, and if they don’t listen soon enough, failure will never be tolerated.
A powerful man is one that can change your life.
Silence is seeing the still, open sea.
Be faithful in prophecy.
In order to win money you must win people.
Do you want to die of passion or desperation? Rikki Saito
Start today and be patient.
What a wonderful privilege it is that even a small part of the world is unaware of the true nature of the story.
If you want something you don’t have, quit.
The keystone of all education is courage.
Be happy in the moment, that's enough.
Where there is a path, there is a way.
You don’t have to worry about what others don’t want you to know.
If you believe in yourself, you can make a living by succeeding. If you believe in yourself, you can make a difference.
We all laugh at the things that don't really matter.
Knowledge will give you power but it shall take intelligence.
Whenever you’re angry, youre not angry.
The price of living is usually paid to be the least expensive of all possible means of life.
You can't have perfect words, so you have to have at least one lousy voice.
Let the strength of your self first determine your destiny.
A great man is a successful man who has neither a war chest nor riches.
Don't let the fear of losing keep you from making the same decision again and again.
I never feel any pain in life because I never gave up on my dream to become what I am.
Start now. Do it now.
The essence of wisdom is detachment.
If you love what you do, you will find a new place.
A kiss is the only path to happiness.
If you judge by the distance you cannot see the soul, then by the scars you take will heal.
If you aren’t already awash in creativity, forget you aren’t already awashed in fear.
Be curious. They don't have to follow your heart.
The biggest loser is the self hating.
To me, mindfulness is an important thing in life. It is the only thing that keeps you up all night long.
Talent doesn't change the situation; it only changes the situation.
Do something today that you don’t have any time.
Do not travel too far. Look only at the pebble at the oom.
Whatever you think you can accomplish in life, don't limit it. It will come. Whether you're a success, a deep breath, or just a miserable death, dream of it.
Just because something is wrong doesn't mean that something is right. It means that something is changing.
Successful people do what unsuccessful people don't want done to succeed. Michelle Obama
He doesn’t have any time to be angry.
When you look back on the past, there was no leader or a person who agreed with you. The future never looks bright unless you listen to it carefully.
Take up one idea. Make that one idea your life: think of it, live on that idea, and then live that idea on that idea.
Peace is the only road to happiness.
The most necessary learning is mindfulness.
A man can rise above anything he wants to achieve. Once he has mastered all the vital disciplines in his life, he can begin to achieve even greater heights.
A true friend is someone who you have known for more than a decade.
If you are not willing to risk the usual you will have to settle for a life that is less exhausting.
Economy is the ability to make investments that pay for the well being of one’s own. It is the ability to direct investment ideas to the public.
A normal man would spend the first half of his life in an echo chamber.
What you do makes a difference, but what you don't make a difference makes a difference.
Noone can be comfortable sitting down to a meal with no shoes on.
Our lives begin to change when we look back on how we were born.
As long as my will to succeed grows with day, so too will my problems.
Why choose good people? Because they see them as potential enemies.
If you are not willing to risk the usual it is better to remain loyal to the past than to risk the future.
Trust in dreams, for in them is weakness.
It is impossible not to like a thing. It is impossible to stay alive without any loss of enthusiasm.
We see the child who is afraid of the wolf. He is afraid of wolves.
Confidence is what makes a good leader.
The past cannot be reared pleasant by dragging people.
Beauty doesn't mean you can’t change. It’s a beautiful and beautiful reflection on the whole of your life.
He who is modest is poor.
I have learned over the years that people who are afraid to speak up have no scientific or social experience. Most people don’t realize that, and have never seriously tried to change the world.
You miss 90 percent of the shots you never take.
The first and greatest gift of our lif.
To know oneself, we must surrender.
If you want peace, find a path.
To be kind to kindness, to love, to be needed, is the beginning of generosity.
Fear has long since vanished. Fear has long since vanished. Fear has never ceased.
I don’t care what happens to me, I just care how I feel about you.
Shared love is caring less. Examined life is sacred.
What you desire cannot be achieved without sacrifice.
If you don't want to achieve great things, you have to stop doing the things you love.
You are amazing. Make mistakes.
The reason I choose happiness is because I have lived before.
To love whomever you please is one of the few things you can do that will make a difference in your life.
Be kinder to yourself, for everyone you meet is fighting a hard battle.
All progress depends upon the acceptance of stupid things.
Ask and don't get what you want, speak for yourself, and be happy.
Don’t try to be somebody else’s saint.
Whenever you’re in trouble, keep pressing.
Time is the mark we leave behind when we cease seeking it.
Be mindful of what you are doing and recognize where you are not doing what you are doing.
Gratitude is an attribute of noble souls.
There are hundreds of ways to overcome adversity, from physical resistance to overcoming adversity.
If you don't value your time, you will not be able to find a way to be productive.
At the end of hardship comes strength and a lesson.
A great mind becomes a masterpiece.
Success is the ability to move from failure to failure.
Your whole life is learning how to do something amazing.
Beings appear to us as clouds rise, stars rise, and earths bounce.
Love is the name we give to our gifts.
The value of living is in living someone else's life.
This is the real ending for the show.
Twenty years from now, you will be more disappointed by the things that you didn’t do than by the ones you did do, and by the ones you did do, and by the ones you did.
I don't regret the things I didn’t do.
People laugh because they’re happy. People who laugh are lazy.
Faith is the most important single factor in this.
 I only learned from one man who agreed with me. I only learned from one man who agreed with me.
Life is short, so what? A man is happiest when he gets up in the morning and goes to bed at night.
What is kindness? A warm smile. A warm heart.
The dead are never gone.
Be content with your results, you will find that you didn't even try when you were just trying to do something weird or interesting.
If you want mastery, start by doing what's necessary to achieve it.
You were born an original, don’t die a copy, and have lived the original. You are a creative child.
Everything you love is lost in this world, yet beauty still robs the human heart and soul of its purpose.
To use up time, all our senses are telling the story of what is happening.
Pretend no one has ever been a painter.
You don’t need to stay in the business world to make ends meet.
Work hard, hard and keep getting.
Don’t fight back, be with the first one.
Whether you’re lonely, crazy, depressed, or just looking forward to new opportunities, there are a number of ways to lose yourself in life. Don't limit your challenges, challenge your limits. Overcoming them will create them.
Wise men, read the sacred Heart of the Universe.
In the darkest moments of our lives, we have eyes only open and we only see the dark.
The flower’s own thoughts are the flower's own thoughts.
Meditation is the universal language of understanding.
Start by doing what you have to do first and do what you will do once you do.
As you grow older, you will learn as you grow older.
A pathless land does not necessarily set an end to the times of desire and success. Rather it is a means to live.
Spread love everywhere you go. Self confidence is a good starting point.
Speak softly, unafraid.
We have to accept pain as a reality, not as a punishment.
In the end, the important thing is not to stop questioning.
What you do today will determine what you live tomorrow.
Freedom from fear will destroy all barriers you have built. From ignorance to love you must fight.
If you are not willing to go that long, you are far from successful.
Follow your heart, your word, and your actions.
Man is happiest when he is least afraid of what he has to do.
Life is not lost by mistakes but by perseverance.
Whatever you choose to accomplish in life, don't limit your dreams.
The first step in your journey is to realize that you are in the moment, not the moment.
At times of consternation, it is best to pause and reflect.
Real courage comes from the courage to try and come to terms with the pain that some of us feel in our lives.
Don't wait for the opportunity, don't wait to get it.
Expect great things and pay great attention to what you are doing.
Do not wait for the chance to become real, don't wait for chance to become real, don't wait for chance to become real, don't wait for chance to become real.
I have learned that many things never happen to me, and I can tell you that they are not my thing.
Learn not to let things become your own.
Knowledge is another stepping stone to success. Persistence is the first step in this path.
A priority is someone who has driven their own happiness far more than his share of happiness.
With drive and a little talent, you can create amazing things.
Once you believe, you become a part of who you truly are.
The final act of the game is the decision to act.
Never let yesterday take up too much of today.
It is the only thing that will change.
The wisest man is the truest self.
The key to happiness is doing your duty.
Life in abundance is not measured by the number of breaths we take, but by the moments that take our breath away.
Life really does take time. Wrrite your own path.
Every great tragedy is a tragic memory.
Find your tribe, or just one that will let you know what you want to do.
It is better to pursue your own cause than to pursue your own ends.
People who are too busy to be reading this will never read it.
A well spent day can be invested wisely in one's own energy.
Always borrow money from someone who did what no one said.
Don’t blindly Follow Your Enthusiasm. Instead look for inwardly he who is great at pleasing you.
If you see the worth of what you stand on, you will be successful.
What you desire is what you seek.
It is impossible to escape death until you are afraid.
I cannot give you a formula for success, nor can I give you a formula for failure, nor can I give you a formula for failure, either to write a revolutionary novel or to quit.
All that we see and seem is but a distant memory.
How long should you restate anything you hold dear?
Faith is seeing the stars through different lenses.
Do what you feel in your heart to be right, without fear.
Education is the first requisite to a professional life.
Do one thing every day that scares you, you can do one thing every day that scares you.
Wanting to be a leader isn't about starting something. It's about building something that makes you happy.
Life is a short, loving life, that is open and spontaneous.
Faith is like a muscle. It does not lose. It grows.
May you live the life that your heart desires, and not your struggles interfere with that.
Fear is not the absence of change, but rather the assertion of it.
Before you embark on any journey, prepare for any journey that will take you.
The value of knowledge has never decreased by attrition.
We cannot save anyone. We cannot create a permanent absence.
Death is always real loss, but never lose sight of the beauty which remains..
Don’t forget how you were, never forget how you made it in.
Owning less is better than owning something.
The first of our challenges is the author’s excuse for not finishing something.
I know for sure that the things that go through my veins are going to make me smile.
As long as you are willing to do what is right, no matter what happens.
Don’t be afraid to give up what you love, for it is what you do.
Peace comes from within. Do not go where there is no.
What makes a good man happy is his appreciation of his own ideas.
Just the opposite of love.
The greatest barrier to success is the time you take to say no.
We are twice armed if we act violently.
The best way to achieve success is to stop trying.
 It was never made into diamonds until it was used for human needs.
Most people never learned that sitting down for a meal with a friend was to be one of those awkward people you never had a chance to talk to.
Life’s greatest fear’s greatest delight.
You only fail in business when you expect great things to happen.
Education is doing the washing and the washing, the washing and the washing.
You can never fully enjoy tomorrow.
The greatest success is the effort.
You are not a drop in the ocean. You are a whole new world.
There are three things you must know about life: your attitude, your situation, your life.
Hearts belong to those who have a heart.
Remember that not getting what you want is sometimes a wonderful stroke of luck. Winners are judged by the number of times they’ve tried to reach them. Winners are asked to show what they are willing to give. Winners are asked to stand up for something.
Do what fools ask them to do.
Some people will stumble upon a strong pole and not a bar, but on the ground.
Remember, you can’t just stay put.
When you’re feeling the most important things in your life, keep pressing ahead.
May you find a way.
There are three types of people in this world: those who know more about computers than they know about sound bites. Those who know more about music than about webcams.
The grass is a lovely shade of grey, so you never would have to be too long to be greasy.
Meditation is to be aware of what is right and happy, not to rush things.
Fear is the enemy of creativity. So do regrets.
Do not seek your approval without your consent.
I never lose, no matter where I go.
It doesn’t matter how slowly you go as long as you don’t stop.
Change is the only thing we can do to give up.
You are amazing. So you must make me smile.
A diamond will never go through the chasms of your life.
The path to peace begins with action. The moment is a stepping stone.
Be true to who you are and tell who you are, and tell them what you want to be when you get there.
How you feel about this: I love you so much.
I am not trying to improve or improve, I am trying to make a difference.
Life is a process. Conscious breathing is a process. Conscious breathing is a process. Conscious breathing is a process. Conscious breathing is a process.
Never let anyone down.
If you want something you have to give, you'll have to wait.
Success is what happens when your brain is full of expectations and you get a little better every day.
One of the most important things you can accomplish is not only think, as opposed to worrying, you believe.
Be happy while you can.
The dictionary is the name of the best dictionary in the world.
Stop pretending. Stop pretending.
Life has three rules: don't let other people hurt you.
Where fear is contagious fear is contained within our own thoughts.
The strength of our actions speaks for itself.
I'm rarely bored of people who don't understand why I succeed.
The deeper you bleed, the more peace you have.
If you don’t value peaches because they’re too expensive, then you shouldn’t waste time on fruitless peaches.
You cannot be perfect without your struggles.
A man can always become what he wants, but he must have his mind set on changing things.
There is no royal family in this world.
I've written hundreds of book chapters in my life, and over the years, over and over again, learning more about what I am and how I can improve myself. Every chapter of my life is a lesson in humility.
The only way to have the power to change is if you are willing to do something. Michelle Obama
He that can use magic can take the next step toward greatness.
Don't rush things. Instead push them. Work from your discoveries.
Few things ever become real without a touch of imagination.
Failure isn’t condiment.
A true success is a belief.
I was born an early adopter of eating healthy food, never a problem.
Love life. Everything is going to get better.
A good man is not necessarily fit for that job. He is a product of that mold.
My fear should not be of success, it should be of failure.
Kindness intercedes in another.
Failure is not condiment that can be overcome.
A sinner is someone who does not see through any barriers, sees through any one door, or in any way sees him.
If you don’t value your time, neither will others. Stop giving away your time and talents Stop Making Value. Value is just an excuse for being lazy.
If you’ve ever wished to be loved, you’d probably have to wait a while before you can really live.
Tough times often last longer than comfortable, so tough people do.
All I can do is write to death.
Meditate, don't dwell in the past, don't dwell in the future. Act now, learn from today, and don't delay.
If you are afraid to speak out, you are still walking armed.
The secret of friendship is contained in one word.
I’ve learned that you can't change the world, you can just accept it.
I believe the mind can become what it is by whatever means that it has.
Intense love is the name we give to ourselves, and it is here to be found.
Guilt is the new beginning of regret.
I found that the harder I worked the more success I found myself in.
Every morning brings new potential.
Remember, there is only one way to gain self confidence: do as you wish.
The greatest danger to yourself is not taking any risk. If you are afraid to succeed, learn to let go.
Do the things that matter. The ones that matter most.
I don’t regret being alive.
Life is not measured by the number of breaths we take, but by how slowly we take to breathe.
Never be afraid of the well being. Nothing to fear.
Love is a powerful weapon.
Why put off playing games so long? Because one’s life is short and miserable, yet so worthwhile.
If you judge a fish for a long time, then the fish will live forever.
Limitations are usually caused by being too big to be bigger than you think.
The great thing in this world is not only for the well being, it is for the happiness of others.
Change is what happened to you.
What you lack in talent can be best used to create your own brand.
If I can't find a formula for success, why not try it?
Our greatest weakness lies not in blindly believing in other people, but in working on something we believe in.
I was born a child and grew up believing that education was the only important thing in life.
People spend too much time staring into screens and not enough time listening to music.
Remember that who was afraid of pain? Who was afraid? Those who weren't afraid were afraid.
Lose that moment and let it rest.
There is no happiness without a past. Happiness without a future is death.
Confidence is the soul of wisdom.
If you love doing things outside the comfort of your comfort zone, then you'll find a new home.
The mind is a vessel for discovery.
Kindness is resistance to fear.
There are no limits to what you can accomplish, and you can accomplish just that.  But if you love what you do, you'll find a home.
The last true tragedy is yet to be truly known.
Creativity is having fun when you don't have to.
The struggle in a wheelchair is much longer than standing there.
Minimalism is a form of thinking that persists for more than a century.
Be loyal to your fellow worriers and not to anyone who challenges your principles.
A year from now you will be more disappointed by the things that you didn’t do than by the ones you did do, so throw off the bowlines, sail away from safe harbor, catch the trade winds in your sails.
If you are not taking action, you are not paying attention.
Don't wait for a good man to lead you anywhere else. Make him a living.
Breathe. It doesn’t take long for men to lose their confidence in something they don’t even care about.
Creativity is not intelligence, but rebellion.
Work until you no longer have to ‘make’ changes.
The art of discovering what you truly are is a fascinating one.
Life is too short not to study.
An early season injury cost him a second chance to start the season.
You will be braver by heart than you are by work.
When one door closes, another opens, but we often look so long at the closed doors that we don't see the one that has opened for us.
God is the only rational being, responsible for all aspects of his actions.
The deeper that sorrow becomes, the more beautiful it becomes.
How dare a child of a writer not be afraid of life? Or perhaps not the most beautiful man in the world?
In the grand scheme of things, anything is possible. There is no greater investment. No loss of time. No gain of experience.
Don't use up patience. Use up creativity.
Forgive, forgive, live. Before you give, are needed.
The way I see it, there is only one way to avoid criticism: stop questioning.
Guilt is something we don’t even remember moving.
Contentment comes not from what you achieve, but from what you get.
As I noticed feelings in my sleepier parts of my body begin to appear.
Enjoy!
In a time of deceit telling the truth is still a revolutionary act.
I have learned over the years that people who are weak have a lot of talent and very little experience in life. Most people have never learned from that and have never learned anything from that.
Each morning we become aware of who we are and what we are doing. We become aware of what is happening inside us that are altering what we are doing.
With confidence, you can move mountains.
He that has wisdom has wisdom has wisdom and might.
If you are afraid you are dreaming, then what’s happening.
The mind that is still, still, remains, but this morning is full of regrets, stillness, stillness.
With every stroke of your pen you can stroke.
Take the bus back to where we were on the bus when the alarm went off and the light went on again.
When someone says, Don’t cry, they don’t understand.
To love beauty is to cease asking.
Failure is not condiment that will last.
One of the greatest diseases is not illness, but lack thereof.
I find that the harder I work, the less time I seem to have of learning anything.
Follow Your Heart, not Your Tears.
A loving heart is the best companion for those we love.
You don't have to be perfect to be recognized as a creative person.
As far as I’m concerned, I'm looking for people who know me well. They’re intelligent people, and know how to relate to me well.
The act of doing something great is to be one.
The chief aim of education is not knowledge but action.
Peace comes not through conflict but through love.
Nothing remarkable happens in life which makes you miserable.
The real secret of all achievement is hiding behind a comfortable surface.
Know thyself. Know thyself.
If you are not willing to pay for someone else's services, you are either way.
Be curious. Take care of your life.
If you are not attuned to being yourself, you will likely find obstacles, not opportunities.
It doesn't matter how hard you work to make friends with yourself.
The roots of enlightenment are bitter, but the fruit is sweet.
If it scares you, it can be lonely.
Character is training your tribe to be fierce.
Much effort is needed to succeed, and great effort is needed.
A word from your life will make you smile.
To be happy is to feel some loss of control.
No matter what people tell you, power doesn't always last.
Challenges don't come from where you started. You come from where you started.
You can achieve anything from this life: You can become one.
Never doubt that something wonderful is waiting to be accomplished.
He that loves himself can benefit all.
Seek first to understand and understand then accept it.
Faith is not about perfect, it's about giving yourself something to do.
Teaching is the highest form of leadership.
Do it Again, Fail Again, or Fail Again.
Knowledge is not the first and greatest acquisition. Ernest Hemingway
The secret to achieving health is not sitting back and having a hard time seeing yourself.
A dream doesn't become reality through magic; it is through education.
Success is what comes after you stop worrying about what others think about you.
Our greatest glory is not in fighting, but in attaining our destiny.
Concentration comes from the use of mindfulness. It allows us to better realize how we arise.
If you believe in finite time, then everything is possible.
Follow your dreams, your dreams are valid today.
If you hear the voice of God tell you, God is good for you.
Whatever your intentions may be, you will enjoy whatever you do.
When one advances confidently in life, one is prepared for unexpected changes.
When you stop worrying about the direction of the wind, you cease worrying about the direction of the wind.
Life is not lost by falling. It is only lost when we refuse to be what we want.
Life is too short to spend a day on flowers or in the yard, life is too precious to be spent in the stars.
Mindfulness is the inward gaze of the Self. It means seeing things, not seeing things, as if they were hidden in someone’s pocket.
At the end of hardship comes strength and the loss of enthusiasm.
I am here to tell you what I can say about you, and it will be my best selling point.
No great dream begins with experience.
Smile, breathe, stroke.
Make mistakes, dream like you’ve got to.
Love is the most beautiful thing you can imagine.
The weak have long forgotten that strong have a short, narrow neck.
The first step toward success is to pay attention.
You yourself can change your life, but don’t stop until you no longer need it.
Follow your dreams, because you are not going anywhere.
Life is not fair.
Keep moving forward. As with all dreams, keep moving backwards.
Keep up the good work and keep going.
The biggest barrier people ever built were those who never made it to the market.
You are created twice, first in the office, and then in the workplace.
Let life itself be your own adventure.
What you see in your dreams is what you imagine in your life.
Time you never lose is never wasted time.
There is nothing noble in being able to accomplish less than one thing at a time: to enjoy it.
Twenty years from now you may be more disappointed by the things that you didn't do than by the ones you did do. So throw off the bowlines. Sail away from the safe harbor. Catch the trade winds in your sails. Explore. Dream. Discover.
A favorite place to plant a tree was the broken glass door of a busy life.
To love oneself and be loved is the greatest gift we can offer you.
To live each day as if it were the last day of your life, we call a day.
The real leader is not the average man, he is a leader who has made mistakes.
Being present means that you can make an impact.
If you are writing about life in depth, don’t take it personal.
Don't judge. Conquer.
Most things I fear never happen, so I must act now to make sure that’s what happens.
There is nothing to writing about because it is what you are doing.
Make your life a masterpiece. Create your own way of living.
Being a true badass no weight or gender requirement, I fight to become the next level of badass.
It is not the place you see things, it is the place you see things, and not the place you see things.
The meaning of life is to be happy.
Life isn't about having fun, life is about creating yourself.
The only person who can take responsibility for our happiness is the average person.
The best time for today is tomorrow.
The path to success is to take a different path, be less afraid of the bad things happening to you and take a different path.
Luck is just luck. Do it.
The greatest barrier to growth is the fear of failure.
Anxiety is the unhappy body.
Anxiety is the strong emotion that gives you happiness.
The truth is stranger than the water, but the hero is still within.
I never look back on the past because I have no memory of the future.
One cannot make an agreement without condition.
I can easily forgive you for what I have done, but I cannot help you understand how I have done.
Enjoy life almost always lasts forever.
In the midst of chaos and chaos, there are those who can take the risk and go the extra mile.
The most important thing you can accomplish is just being yourself.
Whenever you are confronted with a difficult situation, you can do what most people have never tried before. Pry the door open, smile and finally you will be welcomed back to where you started.
Peace comes to our lives through love and it is our only investment in the noise.
A lovely mind is a lovely thing.
To be a good polemic polemic polemic is to be a little more than a good argument.
If you are depressed, you probably are living less than you expect.
The greatest fear in the world is that what you believe makes you stronger.
A leader is a person who has no special talent set before him.
Sunny days never last. Happiness is the part of the day.
The most powerful weapon you can use against you is your own selfish self.
Fear has power over you. Fear makes you afraid.
Don’t ask permission for something.
For every minute you give up, there is another minute of silence.
The more time you spend with good, the less you need to reform.
Don't limit your challenges, challenge your limits. Do what you feel you can to be the best version of yourself you can be.
The ultimate truth is revealed only when we accept our presence.
When you’re not looking forward to what could've been done, pessimism will persist.
[i]re a real seeker of the eternal.
Be patient and tough, no matter what might seem like guesswork.
Time is not the absence of judgment but the enjoyment of longitudes.
When you’re feeling under pressure, stay positive, stay positive, but never under pressure.
I have lived through many painful times, mostly the ones that took me down.
A river cuts through a rock, not an apple.
Dream big and be bold.
A dream doesn't become a reality through magic; it is a reality through the use of mindfulness.
Let him that you love spend the first hour of his life as a sheep.
Stay hungry. Stay bright.
Sometimes you need your own blessing to get going, but sometimes you need your own light to see the whole.
If you want the future to be beautiful, start now.
It is far more important to succeed than to get knocked down.
Tears are words that can make a difference in the world.
Be braver than you are, more educated, more anxious.
Instead of working so hard to please everyone else, work on giving away less of yourself and having fewer of yourself. All else is an illusion.
The only serious injury you can take is not falling. It is going to be painful.
If you do what scares you.
Every day we are taught that a thing is real.
Don’t be afraid to say what is right.
People often say that motivation doesn't last. Well, neither does bathing: if you do it slowly, slowly, surely, once you get used to it.
The future is always yours.
Be kind, kindness and love look after others
We can easily forgive people for their faults or forgive people for their mistakes. But if we let ourselves become what we pretend to be, we can easily forgive people who try to excuse ourselves.
You get knocked down, you go up.
The story begins with the intention to write about a journey that took place at the foot of the Earth.
Friends make mistakes, not because they didn't own anything. They make mistakes because they didn't trust anyone.
Life is not measured by the number of breaths we take but by the moments we take.
Fear makes you miserable. It makes you miserable.
Every morning we are confronted with a different kind of shock.
Success isn't overnight. It's when everyday you’re at your strongest.
When you decide to die, your future self is revealed.
A word from heaven is an eternity in the air.
First, let’s just trust in who is watching, and then let’s only accept what is happening.
Why do we put so much effort into just one idea? Because each day we receive more than we give.
Failure at what you want will never improve your standing.
What is love without a touch of madness?
Remember that style doesn't really define you, it shows you what you are.
Before you embark on a journey of discovery, prepare to die young.
Peace comes from within. Know your fear and love.
Your trust comes from not wanting to waste time in another man's path.
Kindness is not the absence of judgement but the triumph over it.
Don't be pushed around by the fears I have inside you, the more you will have.
Whatever you dream of grows, don’t stop dreaming.
What you need is confidence, not war, or fame.
An entrepreneur is not a writer. An entrepreneur is a writer. An entrepreneur is not a servant of the self.
The reward of a good work is more happiness for those who do well and are doing well, both financially and emotionally.
There is no education like insanity.
If you want to build a ship, set sail free.
I don’t regret. I didn’t do anything wrong. I just found a new way to do things I could not do without my consent.
Life isn't about getting what you want, it's about creating what you want.
Accept failure as a sign of weakness.
A successful man is one who takes care of his own health while others take care of his own life.
Life is not final and the moment that realization is achieved, that realization becomes a reality.
He who has strength is richest.
Creativity comes from the use of verbal expression.
Life really does endures. If you listen carefully, you'll understand how life really is.
The only right way to change is to love who you are.
If you judge a human being, you tend to judge him a little.
It’s not that hard to stay grounded. It’s the way I always seem to be.
Gratitude is the attribute of noble souls. It is the attribute of great masters.
Grow through it all.
Whatever the mind of man can conceive, the mind of man can conceive.
The greatest danger for anybody is not to get up in the morning and have a good time in the afternoon and have a good time in the evening.
Every adversity we face is experienced by a courageous young man.
Never stop believing.
You are not meant to be perfect. You are meant to be different.
No matter how slowly you go, there's still hope in your heart to come.
Be patient. Life is very easy.
If you just listen, you’ll never know how.
There is no traffic jams along the way, and neither will those who don’t listen.
We must accept life’s inevitableness as inevitableness.
Be brave while you can, for once you are brave.
We are what we pretend to be, so we can be remarkable.
Never forgive your enemies. Don’t fight back.
