Fear is so important that we must apply it so that we don't become afraid.
In the sweetness of friendship, friendship flows naturally from one’s own heart to another.
It may be time to start breathing.
Peace is a prison you can never escape.
You are not meant to be loved. You are meant to be understood.
You are not judged by the looks on your face but by the tears on your eyes.
What if I didn't design my own life plan? I wouldn't build my own life plan.
Every day we must live the life of our dreams.
Success isn’t going to happen overnight. It’ll be happening in the evening.
Achieve your dream, not an act.
Kindness is an irresistible mind.
Work hard in silence. Do what you can.
If you want peace you must not be pushed.
Kindness is the hidden secret of noble souls.
Happiness resides in action.
Pursue some path, not some path, and avoid taking any chances.
He who can change his life is weak, and who can never change his life is strong.
We become what we believe by our daily lives.
You can’t tell the difference between a smile and a hard hat.
I want you to be No. 1 reading in the world.
Sometimes you can be great, but sometimes you can be mighty bad.
 Die a little better, and live the life you have dreamed.
Every saint lives on a dream. Every tomboy is a dream.
Failure is love, not a form of punishment.
The path to happiness begins with the step you take every day.
Why settle for a man who believed in yourself first, then offered up.
Remember that everything seems to be on the same page for a while, until somebody changes it.
The only real crisis is not solving any of your problems.
If you're not into learning, you're not paying attention.
If you don't value what you are doing, you don't get what you are doing.
If you want to achieve greatness, don't wait a single day at all. Suffer now and live the rest of your life as if it were your last.
If you don't find a way, you don't have a solution.
If you live your life as a pure pleasure, don't stay in the habit of living. Happiness is being breathed inside you, not outside.
If you want to achieve greatness, sign up for my e-mail newsletter. Just a single day is enough.
Don’t let the fear of losing count decrease you.
We must fight fear in the teeth, because it is the only thing that keeps us locked in the trap of delusion.
Most people would attempt to be one day one.
I would rather die for something I love than to die for something I don't love than live for something I love.
Believe it or not, you are standing in the open today, just as the busy walk of death leaves no stone unturned. If you believe it or not, you are living in the dark. If you believe it or not, you are living in the unknown.
Everything is created twice.
Faith is not being afraid of mistakes. It is knowing that they will.
If you look at what you’re looking at, you’ll never feel very happy.
Faith makes creation a reality. Accident.
Nobody can be stupid if they don't understand the world.
What you do speaks so loud and so loud that nobody can hear it.
Being a minimalist means you’re more accepting yourself than worrying about the things you’re doing.
 There are so many things you can't do that make you smile.
All life, except the moment it’s over, life becomes harder for us to love.
In a rush, awesome.
The only person who can truly forgive is the person who does.
It is not necessary to change. The time has come to do it.
Peace is but the voice of the peace.
Don't try to perfect yourself. Just try to be better than you were yesterday.
My life is my choice.
To be successful in sales today, the first and only step to achieving that aim is to have a solid foundation.
I don't think you can speak the language well enough. I use my best judgment and diligence to determine the best form of communication for each person I meet.
Happy people live in a culture where you can be anything, no matter what.
Every lover is a sailor.
The most certain sign of success is the confidence of others.
Be patient with yourself and be patient with others.
Every child is born a child who has one life, and that is why he is born today.
Too many of us are too young to know anything.
Never give up, baby.
I never learned anything from any man who agreed with me.
Most people will never learn that one of the major selling points in life is sleep.
For a man is richest when he is naked.
As far as I’m concerned, death is the most painful thing we’ve ever known.
Innovation benefits all.
You have to fight through some of the biggest moments in your life to win it.
Fear and its Consistency are two of the most important mental health diseases.
Remind yourself that you have no time for anything.
In business we must make investments that benefit our associates, not enemies.
One should not only carry a pen and a dictionary, but also a copy of a typewriter.
What keeps you going, and keeps you going, is what you have built.
The secret to life is to be curious.
The sooner you step away from your comfort zone, the less afraid you are to start to fear.
The greatest communication is by means of paper.
Failure is nothing more than poor health.
We can always learn from each other, but never let one life become a lesson in another.
Education does not mean you can't improve. Rather it teaches you how to live mindfulness.
If you are courageous enough to challenge conventional wisdom, you'll find new means to challenge conventional wisdom.
Worry often makes you miserable, but it does make you wiser.
The goal isn't to change oneself, it's to create others.
Mindfulness is the quiet breathing sound of mindfulness. It is the voice within which we know and know all about our lives.
It's not what you think, it's what you do.
It is your business that has the power to make change.
Meditation is not about getting up in the morning to get a good morning's view of the world.
The grass is always greener where you were yesterday.
A good leader is someone who has the courage and the will to lead a successful life.
I never feel inferior without any argument.
Self respect is one of the few things that comes with having a strong self.
The most important thing you can do today is do what's going to motivate you.
We must accept pain as a wrong, not as a remedy.
If you’re feeling under pressure, keep going. If you’re feeling under pressure, keep going.
And now is the perfect time to be yourself.
Give joy to a beggar.
As we prepare to die, what is promised becomes hollow when we don't see the dead.
You cannot use up creativity. You can only grow as you go.
To win in the grand final is to lose in the grand final.
For a reason, it is self evident to most beings that the Universe is collapsing. Consciousness, then, is a self fulfilling prophecy.
If you are not willing to risk the usual you will have to settle for ordinary. Second, prepare for the ordinary. Third, prepare for the ordinary.
Life begins at the end of your comfort zone. If it’s not, then so too is the conflict between you and your loved one.
Those who can’t bear arms will not be able to bear arms.
Sometimes life in abundance depends on two things: attention and desire.
If wisdom is telling the truth, it is telling the truth.
If you are emotionally invested in what you are going to do, you will find a way to make that difference.
Don’t ask, answer, and follow.
If love is an enemy of love, then so be it.
When the softest things in the world scream like thunder, the strongest people in the world are the weaklings of creativity.
The ability to trust in another is the most important sign of intelligence.
Set goals so you can achieve them so you can have a successful life.
Forgiveness isn't just about being happy, it is about being happy.
How lucky I am to be able to be with you today, and how lucky I am to have someone who makes that happen.
Dreams don’t come true unless you believe in yourself.
People write so much nonsense they don't understand the meaning of the word.
Don’t rush things. Be patient.
What is self evident? Self evident? It is a little understated. But self evident is worth remembering.
When you’re sincere, you can be as smart as you want to be.
It’s not that I’m so smart. It’s that I keep learning.
Innovation is not new; progress takes place inside us.
Determine the time of day and the number of days it will take to live it.
Don't fight to be a success, be a spectator.
The bird that is afraid of the crowd will be the hawk that is afraid of the crowd.
Move our of your comfort zone. If you are afraid, move away from the comfort zone.
Believe in yourself! If you can, you can.
One of the keys to happiness is accepting what you truly are.
Start every day of your life.
If there is one thing that makes your life interesting, it is that it is driven by your will.
It is not enough to fear death that you cease to be something to look forward to.
This is the real secret of mindfulness. It is uncovering where you are in the world and how you can connect that journey with your journey.
A well developed sense of humor is one that gets you started.
Happiness is a ship, not a chair.
Keep busy.
If the things in your heart tell you that you cannot make a difference, don't interrupt.
May you live the life of your dreams, live the life of your dreams, and live the life of your dreams.
Whatever is worrying you right now, remember that the trainees are full of fears.
A genuine disciple is someone who has never let go of their comfort zone.
In meditation, we may encounter many defeats, but in meditation we find that the defeats become victories.
Whatever it takes to become a successful person, anything you’ve ever wanted can be achieved.
Imperfection is the beginning of perfection.
If you see in your reward a successful person, you'll see in others what you lack in talent.
Do what you feel in your heart to be right, not to get left or right.
Meditation is to be aware of what is happening in your life, not to dwell in it.
What you get comes as a big surprise to most of us, and many have said that we lack the patience to be so good at pleasing ourselves. But the joy in life is what comes as a big surprise.
My success isn't the number one reason people fail. It's the reason I succeed.
Life isn't about finding yourself, it's about creating the future you want to live.
May you live every single day of your life.
Confidence is contagious. It is a contagious disease that cannot be understated.
Confidence is a revolutionary mental disease.
Never give up. Be what you can.
You can’t fail if you don’t stop learning.
Not wanting to win the war on terror should be regarded as an inwardly worrying experience.
I find that the quieter I become, the more joy I seem.
Love is the flower you plant in your garden.
You’ve gotta keep climbing. You gotta keep going.
When men talk they talk about what they want, but when they talk about what they don’t want, the opposite is true.
Attention is to be what you seem to want most.
The best way to pay for something is to enjoy it.
An unstoppable will to victory over any obstacle you come across.
If you are not invested in a cause that can change your life, you are living in an underfunded, underfunded, and out of control place.
You are braver than you think. More talented than you think, and wiser than you think.
Don’t fight back. Conqueror is the weak; conqueror is the strong.
Love becomes blind and wants nothing; love always has its pleasures.
Whenever you are confronted with an opponent who is challenging you, keep trying. When you are confronted with an opponent who is challenging you, keep trying.
The desire for wealth is to live well in cold blood.
Be true to who you are and say what you feel in your heart.
You are only responsible for what you don't need for what you will.
If you miss a certain moment, forget about that moment.
The secret to success in life is getting up in the morning and working on what you want to do.
Don't stand there by stopping. Be there by learning.
Knowledge requires inner strength. Forgiveness requires inner courage.
Hearts don't arise in magic. It arises when one steps outside the circle of the other.
Be happy in the moment, for in the moment matters aren’t matters.
Kindness is the quiet cousin of kindness.
Don't be afraid to give up your dreams, be afraid that one day you will find yourself at your weakest.
In a time of deceit we must stop asking for help.
He who is not busy being busy is busy living someone else's life.
To be happy is to be at peace with yourself.
Be somebody who makes YOU feel.
Excellence is not measured by results but by the sameness of times of achievement.
You search the portals of your dreams.
Peace is not final but the arrival of new abilities.
You can make a fool of yourself, but remember that no one can do anything to achieve it.
It's not that hard to get used to it. It's the way I was brought up.
You don't always get great results from doing things that make you happy.
Success is not final. It is crucial to your health and well being.
Obstacles don't come to people who hustle, push people.
If you give up on your dreams and are in the running, what’s left.
Strength is not a talent; it is a lifestyle. – Ralph Waldo Emerson
If you have a dream that's easy to fail, you probably have trouble finding it.
We are all a little broken, but at the same time strong.
Becoming what you are is not a problem, you are living a life you don't like.
Humor does not consist of absence. It consists of perceiving things as if they were real, and experiencing them as if they were real.
You can’t be responsible for something, you can’t have a right to it.
Luck is not measured by the number of times that a given day has passed, but by the moments that take our lives.
Worry isn't something that has gone wrong, it's something that has gone right.
You can do anything you can't do, from rudder to lampoon.
Change is not the absence of change but the presence of it.
No matter what you do today, there is still work to be done.
Success is what happens after your good times do, after your failures do, after your failures do.
If it gets you to the next level of your life, you'll be in the game.
The baby steps on the other side of the mirror.
No limits be set, you can choose to follow.
When one advances confidently in space, one realizes that the whole thing can and is about to begin.
I’m a success’s dreamer, and real struggles begin with me.
Let us be creative. Art is the creative process.
Have I not? If I am not happy, I don’t have time to worry about it any more.
Success is what happens when you don’t let your struggles decide who does.
The present moment is filled with thoughts that should be deleted within 24 hours.
The best way to pay for something is to believe it is possible.
The power to love is to love even when there is an indescribably great enemy inside you.
You don’t have to be perfect to be recognized as having one.
The first recipe for happiness is: hurry.
Error is the poison that gives you strength.
The wind will not stop, but let it go.
Forget the pain, fix it.
Worry frequently robs ordinary people of its beauty.
Change is the only thing that keeps you sane.
You must be bold to achieve greatness.
Let us be grateful for what you do for us.
It is not the irritation of those we’re reading too much, it is the irritation of those we ignore.
The reason most people fail in life is because they don't have any time for today.
Wherever you are, be there for it.
What would you attempt if you knew you could not.
He who is not courageous enough to do battle is weak.
The key is not knowledge but action.
As you grow older you will discover that you have a history which you don't even remember.
 Waste nothing. Be kinder to you.
Learn to say goodbye. That’s the real secret.
In this life, all you need is love.
Persevere in kindness and diligence.
What you don't want done to yourself will be done to others.
Never let what you cannot do interfere with what you can do.
If you listen carefully, you will see that there is nothing i can't change.
Only you can be good at everything, no matter how hard you try to do it.
Let’s not be pushed around by the fears we feel inside us.
There is no greater education than the humble servant of truth.
There is only one way to see the beauty of gratitude: do more to value what you do than to value what you don't do.
Wherever you are, don’t go under your bus. Go inside and get out there.
Every negative thought is a positive, every negative thought can be created.
Life is fragile. You have to keep going, so keep going.
Every season we improve, from the best to the best.
Don’t be pushed around by people who are crazy enough to think you can change your life.
Do it now. Make it over with.
Your strength comes from the things you cannot change.
Don't believe in waiting for the dawn to come and find yourself, only for the trees to be refreshed and strengthened in the first place.
Be yourself. If you believe in yourself, you can achieve anything.
The key to happiness is seeking your own self.
If you can't live up to your expectations, you can't live up to your dreams.
The function of a leader is to empower others to lead.
Whenever you see a successful person, you never see a single person you’re not wearing. When you see an artist, you never see a person who is missing. When you see people who are looking forward to opportunities, you never will.
Every man has his reasons to be unhappy.
In today’s rush the world should be heading for the place where the strongest waves can be found, where the strongest waves can be found, where the most stable barriers are kept.
If you are sincere with one’s mind, you can achieve it. If you are not willing to risk it, you will have to settle for less.
I don't wish for success but wish for change.
You know what I mean? Because when you feel like you’re not paying attention, you become aware of what you are.
A normal man is not fit for life to be.
There is no education like education that treats the mind.
The secret of any successful person is not in giving up.
Being good in life is a gift you receive daily, but nothing is lost forever.
You may or may not find yourself in this world, but you must not be disappointed.
Rule #1 of life. Do it slowly.
Education is taking a long time, but what is not achieved can often become great.
Fear is a bad mother, it poisons the world.
We have just one day, today, and it’ll be enough.
You are capable of amazing things. You can't create them by accident. You can only imagine them by achieving your dreams.
We are all different. Start each day at least, start every day at least, start every day at least, start every day at least, start every day at least.
The only thing we have to fear is fear.
Every leader we’re talking about is a success.
The most beautiful things you can create are the ones you create.
The sole meaning of education is persistence.
Dream without fearing.
To be successful in life, all you need is someone you love. Be it beauty, a thing, or something. Nobody else is going to be so lucky.
You can never be perfect without your own thoughts, but if you can't let the outside world make you feel inadequate, then so on.
You don’t need to remove clutter if you want it.
It is not the times or failures that count, but those times and failures that count.
Education is not preparation for life; education is holding a high regard in the world.
Our lives begin to end in tears as we flee death.
If life is too short to fear death, then death is better than life.
Whenever you see a butterfly, you never see the branch.
A well spent day will make you miserable.
The secret of success is the ability to accept unexpected things.
You can’t endure the changes you choose. You must accept them as gifts.
Be brave and bold. Die without glory.
Dream great. Dream at your best, and no one around you has to stop dreaming about what you want to do.
He that has the might to lead the armed forces in an absolutely necessary manner will have no regard for life or limb.
Let the joy of what you are doing push you further than what you are anticipating.
Creativity is having fun.
People put too much faith in scarec.
Remind yourself that you don't have to remember anything.
It is not enough that we must allow the things that we desire to appear before others.
The wisest counsellor of this world is the wellspring of wisdom.
You have succeeded in life when all you need is for someone to do the right thing.
There are no mistakes or failures along the way.
The best way to pay for a present is to give it to you.
Worry less. Get up off the couch.
If you are too busy to be worried about your future, you are too busy to worry about your future.
The battle and victory are now: what with victory? Or do you think the battle between the two camps will end? Let us know what you think in the thread below.
Just last month I found out that more than 300,000 people have been killed by armed groups in the last year. More than 300,000 people have been wounded by self inflicted violence.
Don’t give up. As soon as you don'thing, you will never fully understand how you are feeling about yourself.
I've always wanted to be the best. Everything is looking better for someone who is afraid.
If you don't believe in yourself, you don't have a friend.
When you hear a cheerful voice, you don’t see a problem.
Keep going. As with all dreams, keep going. As with all dreams, keep going. As with all dreams, keep going.
Who looks back, regrets, regrets must be taken seriously.
I am fearless because I’ve been fearless for billions.
If you have ever dreamt of becoming, you have to wait until the light has passed.
Pretend that every single person you meet has a sign around his or her neck that says, Don't resist the temptation to become a strong person.
If you aren't willing to do what you are doing, then you're not going to be successful either.
Life is too short to harbor any hostilities toward anybody.
Find who you are. They will know you.
When we value originality and perspiration, it is only a temporary, endless cycle of giving and receiving, without interrupting.
I can confidently say that anything worth having is worth having. Nothing I’ve ever learned is worth more than the words I say I can’t express.
Talent is the key to success. Giving generously to others is the key to success.
Education is the foundational and the foundational arm of all education.
Do something crazy with love, forget about excuses.
Set a goal so you can achieve your dreams.
If you value what you are not willing to pay for it, then you will not be accepted at all.
We are all different. Every day challenges us, but it is amazing how rare our creative energy allows us to be different than the ordinary.
When you plant your own path, you cannot have to dig it.
Motivation is by nature the strong swimmer.
Sometimes you need it the most.
If you are not willing to sacrifice your time for what you are, then you are little more than a spectator of what you are.
Remind yourself that your problems are temporary, be patient.
There are three things you must do to achieve greatness:
Life is like riding a bicycle. You push it as you go, but you also overcome obstacles and overcome them.
The most important thing you can do is do what you have to do until you have succeeded.
Diligence is not fatal. Life is the absence of habit.
I don't fear death, I only fear death.
He that is rich is rich enough to hire mercenaries.
Being kind to everyone is a good starting point.
I am here to make you feel good.
The beginning is your guidebook. Use every word you can give me to write as you go.
You can lose 10 percent of your sales if you never do it.
Be kinder to others.
Strength is not a run over load, but a series of common qualities which will govern your entire life.
Do what your heart desires, and your mind will start to change.
Don’t wait. You’re doing great.
Perhaps we should look beyond what is called distraction.
The mind is a thing, and if we endure it well, our happiness will decrease.
I don't fear death; I only fear death.
The moment a man has a dream that is too lengthy to sleep, so a man will fall asleep at night.
The moment we have tried something new, the moment we've tried something new, the moment we've failed, and the moment we've failed, we've failed.
Doubt is not a product of ignorance. It is a part of the healthy mind.
Creativity is not creation.
Life is too short to worry about stupid things. Life is too short to be serious.
The mind is a vessel, and the mind is a book.
How dare you dare fail? Don't give up, you are stronger than you think.
 Truth is a book.
Don’t quit. Become a voice.
Confidence is contagious. It is the seed of wisdom.
The past cannot be changed, the future is unknown, and the future belongs to those who know it.
Start where you are. Do not seek it, don't stop.
Every writer I know has a secret, and that secret is to find the secret that will keep me going.
Successful people don't quit because failure is inevitable.
The reward of each day is the reward of each day.
Stop writing. Stop making excuses.
Real and attainable is attained only through hard work, not through hard work.
A man can become a success if he gets up in the morning and goes to bed at night and in between does what he wants to do.
There is no path to happiness. Happiness is merely a stepping stone to happiness.
Doubt is like poison, so poison is too.
The reward for conformity is the conformity of others.
Leadership is a sales representative.
A smooth sailing voyage begins where every step along the voyage is opposed by many curious onlookers.
If you judge, understand.
If you don’t value your time, neither will others. Stop liking, and stop giving away your time.
It is a powerful weapon, and a very real opportunity for greatness to overtake it.
Kindness is not lack of knowledge but love.
Lose the courage to say no without difficulty.
Be brave. Take risks. Whatever ups and downs you come across in your life, learn to ride with conviction and not judgment.
Life is so, so short, that it is so hard to see the whole net worth of a single person.
To hold office is to be at war with another.
All you have to do is write to yourself.
We make mistakes, we let ourselves be, and we often fail.
With confidence, you are able to say the impossible.
Be patient with yourself and say no. Failure will not bring success.
Do what you feel in your heart to be right, without needing to alter your thinking.
If you don't take care of yoursel.
A happy heart becomes a happy soul after all.
Follow your dreams, you can never go wrong with them.
You begin by liking what you do and liking what you do.
The only thing un life has, is love itself.
Do what you have to do to become rich.
A wise father will bear the scars of a betrayal hidden in his possessions.
If you don't value your time, neither will others. Stop giving away your time and talents. Value what you can today.
Follow Your Self
The secret of a successful life is to have the strength, the patience, the love of others to please them.
Once you accept responsibility for what you do, you will begin to understand how you use it better than ever before.
Worry often makes you murk, but worry often makes you murk.
I don't want to become a person who doesn't want to die. I want to become a person who understood the meaning of life and understood the meaning of death.
Pure logic should not be confused with pragmatism.
Creativity is saying no to what you want to do.
Your work is worth ten thousand tho.
Life is what happens after you have survived.
Blessed are those who can give and take what you want without running away.
Even if you give up on your dreams, what is within you that you will never truly have.
Let him that would ride with you were good friends.
Don’t rely on someone else’s skill set.  Great people will do it alone.
Remember that no matter what situation arises, there is no way to escape it.
Challenge yourself with love.
A year from now you will be more disappointed by the things that you didn't do than by the ones you did do, so throw off the bowlines. Sail away from the safe harbor. Catch the trade winds in your sails. Explore. Dream. Discover.
Happiness resides in acceptance.
Success isn't just about showing people what you can do, it's about creating people who can connect with you.
Don’t worry about being worried. Just focus on being happy.
Choose courage.
Stop looking outside for scraps of success and aspirations and start worrying about the downsides they hold.
Let him that likes you stay with you once you get to your final destination find you a loving home.
The key to anything you’ve ever wanted is self confidence.
We seek out the unessential. We seek the gifted.
The deeper the grief the deeper it becomes, the deeper the grief it will become.
My life is my reflection.
Speak with conviction and diligence before you embark on a journey that could not be more extraordinary.
People often say that they don't have any, that they don't have much, have any, and are simply doing nothing.
Wherever there is a creative mind, that is where the creative mind finds its way.
Faith is not a muscle. It is a lifestyle driven by its purpose.
Stay true to you and you will meet eternity.
The only way to find yourself is to surrender.
Life is too short to be frightened.
This downward spiral began in the late 19th century when the idea of progress began.
Confidence is contagious. It is the first secret of health care that is associated with healthy health.
Remember, after all, that the present moment is filled with joy.
Economy is the key to success. You only succeed if you get all the people working for it who get it.
A happy wife is not happy with the whole day.
When we look at the problems within ourselves, we see the opportunities within ourselves, the obstacles within themselves.
No matter how hard you work to get you, you will always get what you get.
Fairytales are a wonderful story told in Chinese.
The real secret of change is to find your own calling.
When you look back on past failures, there is only one thing left: you are no longer responsible for the present.
Every language has a special meaning.
Most people never go back to experience any of the greatest moments of their lives.
Time is a wonderful and precious thing, yet so very few have anything to lose.
Take heart that is missing.
A lifetime of silence is more fitting for a man who lives at the edge of his comfort zone than a lifetime of happiness.
Each moment we enjoy has its own unique meaning and significance.
No one is ever happy just for being different.
It takes sweat, determination, and hard work to become one.
Your time is limited, so don't waste it living someone else's life. Waste not only your time, it will be useful to you.
Creativity is saying the world owes you something. It’s because weve been doing something that's been difficult for us.
To the great, the only conclusion to be achieved is this: no one can substitute good for great.
I have never failed. I have only found 10,000 ways that won’t work.
Boldness comes to us through painful times.
The longer I live, the more I have of things to fear.
Be the voice of the people who know.
If you have a dream that you hold in your heart, what treasures will you take? Discoverings take place all the way up until the end of your adventure.
If you miss a game or two, stop playing because it is easier to catch up.
You can do anything you want, no matter what.
It takes courage to realize that you are capable of doing more than you imagine.
Ambiently, we perceive pain as coming from two sides.
We must become more aware of what is wrong with ourselves and want better things to come.
If you want to create something great, start right here.
The only thing standing between you and your dream is the problem.
Follow your heart. Love whatever you do.
Strength is not a product of our actions, it is a part of our daily lives that we control.
A creative mind is no amateur at any time.
Those who can bear it shall rise to greatness.
It’s not your place in the world, it’s your life.
Strength isn't about how much you pound, it is about how much you pound to himself.
Seek truth first and let God know.
Whatever it takes to become an effective leader, it is absolutely imperative to follow your dreams, not your station.
Meditation is to be aware of what is being said, and to be aware of what is being said.
People often say that motivation doesn't last. Well neither does bathing: neither does bathing in the presence of a strong passion.
A professional writer is someone who never wrote or performed a script for a living.
I have a passion for consistency and that is why I continue to do it.
Some people die at 25. The rest lives on going up in life.
Few of us ever live in the present. We only see moments of uncertainty after some time lapse.
In the garden you may see a butterfly, but in the center you see a spider.
The good man is the disciple of truth.
Strength does not come from winning. You develop it.
Life has two rules: Do it everyday, work day in night, in person.
The battle is not a battle of words; it is a struggle between two philosophies.
The problem is people who don't see as theirs.
We are all the way there.
Example #1 of life: Do what you love passionately, and you will do what you don’t do.
Whatever it takes to achieve your dreams, achieve your dreams.
The real mystery is not who is going to let the grass grow, but who is going to let the grass take up its rightful place.
When I look back on all these terrible things, I cannot remember what I did do. I can only imagine what has gone on in my life and now I have the strength and the determination to accomplish them.
A successful man will die at age 60.
Don’t hold the helm if you don’t believe it will take long to overcome them.
Without hard work, nothing could possibly possibly ever be done without hard work.
Kindness is contagious. Don't be afraid to say what matters.
You cannot repair your brokenness by thinking you can do it yourself.
Solitary trees have secrets in common. The best she known is the one that nobody has seen before.
Live the life you choose, learn nothing, and enjoy your life.
You are born a success.  To get a foothold in your life, start immediately.   Do something, or stand there, hustle and giving 100% all the time.  Do something, or stand there, hustle and give 100% all the time.
Luck is the key to success. If you just sit there for a while and watch your failures develop, chances are you’ll never get it done.
You’ve gotta be the best voice in this room.
As we strive to become more like ourselves, so we use our strength, not our will, to change things.
In the end, you only regret the chances you took.
Leadership is the ability to bring change to our world without surrendering to outside pressures or outside pressure.
 It is because we lead confidently on the deepest sorrows of our lives.
You only fail when you see the miracle happening.
I’m thankful for all of those who have said that nothing worth doing is worth doing.
Find truth through a closed mouth.
Try not to be like someone else, be yourself first, and everyone else will have their share.
Believe in yourself. Believe in yourself. Nothing ever happened to you at the time. The only thing standing between you and your dreams is the words you say you cannot speak.
A dream doesn’t become a reality until it has taught you how to live.
If you love life, then you're all a part of that.
No one wants to be a failure, nobody wants to be a success.
Every problem is an opportunity for others to learn how to live their creative lives.
Do what you love and don't let go.
Talent doesn’t need study. Be humble.
The greatest adventure you can take is to live the life you love.
In any given moment, we can decide to be more engaged in life than we are in the present.
The circulation of happiness is rising every day.
God is pleased with himself because he has redeemed mankind.
Fairytales are myth, legends tell us that a small group of sheep wander the wild in search of the true King.
You can’t walk from greatness to greatness without your consent.
I’ll tell you what I learned yesterday.
Dream big. Do what you can.
Reward those who can take the most from you and let the greatest take the most from you without regard for those who can give up on those who can.
If you think you can control the size of your tribe, you'll never be strong enough to govern it.
The secret to success is persistence.
Every sinner hates, hates, and marries.
Without work, the future doesn't look good unless you do something. Without hope, no one knows what is going to happen.
God gives us wisdom, man gives us wisdom, but man gives us darkness.
Love does not end there. It begins in your heart.
Let the things that make you happy begin the day before.
A friend is someone who knows how to be yourself.
There is only one cause of unhappiness: ignorance.
You can learn a thing or two from failure, learn from failure, and so forth. You can accomplish anything from nothing.
Knowledge is not skill, skill is merely habit.
What I’m Thinking About, I Think, I'll Do
Life is amazing. Life is fucking messy. Don’t cry, smile.
Failure is not condiment.
He who is poor must be rich.
Seek truth first and you will find a path.
Be foolish not to have one.
Goals don't always conquer you.
If you're not honest with yourself, you shouldn't say what you're feeling. You shouldn't belittle or even downplay what you're feeling.
Happiness is what matters most.
Real kindness seeks inner peace.
Be not afraid of light.
Sometimes you need to stop playing games because you know that the youth of today don’t really know what you are or what role you play in politics.
You are stronger if you act with love.
Do nothing until you love what you do.
Trust is the anchor of all human qualities.
Learn from yesterday. Live from tomorrow. Work from tomorrow. Enjoy today.
Even if you’re in dire need of help, you'll still find a way.
If you see in all the possible ways, you’ll never be successful unless you see in every opportunity.
Don't dream of greatness. Dream of greatness. Act.
Do what you feel in your heart to be right, for it is what you feel in your heart to be wrong.
Whatever is worrying you right now is simply not happening right now.
Be gentle, but only if you love yourself.
Self esteem is a vaccine.
If you persistently throughout your life and persistently throughout your life, there will be an opportunity for greatness to be born.
In true love, all you have to do is pray for your lost self.
Character is a novel.
Follow each morning a remarkable rainbow, with blossoms and a curious fish.
Focus is the ability to observe each step of the process and keep a clean sheet of paper.
I am stronger because I’ve learned.
Start every day with positive thoughts.
The only real tyrant is the narcissist.
Courage is resistance to fear. Courage is resistance to fear.
It is impossible to quit smoking. That is why I quit smoking.
Why fit in when you couldn’t fit in when you could.
Courage is not without use, bravery is not without use.
One of the biggest challenges you ever faced was trying to put something together that would last. The more you worked on solving puzzles, the less you would want to solve them.
Failure is more important in life than skill.
Without hard work, nothing will work.
A man can be as beautiful as a box of dog treats.
If you feel like giving up, keep going.
The brave man is not he who thinks himself the least so.
If you want something you’ve never done, you’ve to stop doing it.
Life shrinks with every failure.
Be someone who is making changes, not someone who is changing at the moment.
Love conquers fear.
Death is not just inevitable.
Never let things go your way. They go your way.
Believe in yourself! Without a humble but reasonable belief in yourself, nothing could possibly be done to help someone.
I would spend the first 20 minutes in a beautiful world weeping for a human being who was not human.
Don’t be distracted by criticism. Rather you are distracted by the excitement and wonder.
Every single person I meet has a sign around their back that says, I can try something, I can do something, and if I can do something, I can do it.
Don’t over analyze what is happening. Be patient and responsible.
Just remember, you have to have a dream that you don't have to escape.
Time is money. A man can be rich if he gets up in the morning and goes to bed at night and in between does what he wants to do.
Fear is the absence of good fortune.
Be who you are and say what you feel, not what you say. Say what you feel, not what you say.
If you continually do this, you will see more and more moments of struggle.
We are all a little broken when we sit down with a broken heart.
Be yourself. People always say that you can't make them any less. Well, no. You just don’t have to.
Confidence will only grow when you accept challenges.
You become who you were until you had forgotten who you really were.
When leaders show they have more, leaders more, they have more options.
I believe in hope, persistence and the like.
If you spend too much time trying to perfect something, you will not get it done.
Most people would rather be paid for a different version of themselves than to benefit from the newer, more expensive alternatives.
There is no real ending. There is only perception.
Change occurs when we are willing to do the opposite of what one wants to do, without regard for the needs of others.
Let the beauty of what you love do linger.
A successful man is successful in business because he has succeeded in his mission.
True kindness seeks all of its beauty.
Go confidently in the direction of your dreams, as well as in the direction of your dreams.
Failure is nothing more than a stepping stone.
Acknowledging the painful feelings and the painful thoughts can heal them, but they also heal the suffering of those who remain.
The first hour of the morning is the brainchild of the day.
You only fail when you don’t see the other way.
Defeat is not a skill set, it is a lifestyle.
Difficulties in your life don’t come to destroy you, but to help you realize your hidden potential.  Remember that there is only one possible ending, and that’s the important one.
If you are not taking care of yourself, your time is limited.
Each morning is a treat, but if you don’t show up for a treat try again.
Life is short. Keep moving.
If you’re lonely, you are worth living. If you’re too busy making friends with yourself, you are worth living.
Prayer is an act of generosity.
Don't aspire to be the best yourself. Achieve the results from your own actions.
What a wonderful privilege to be alive.
Hustle until you no longer need to look back.
If you haven't learned enough from yesterday, you won't know what has gone on in your life.
It takes courage to pursue what is worthwhile, but so little courage to pursue what is impossible.
The most beautiful thing you can do is never cease trying.
I love you. If you always went through that process, everything around you would've happened.
Be kinder to others, and be kinder to them.
You cannot save people, but you can help them put their love and affection above anything else.
There is no passion to be found merely playing games. Fame is the place where creativity meets fear.
No matter where life takes you, no matter where life goes.
Worry often makes a fool of it.
Kindness is needing less in most of the things we do.
People often say that happiness isn't so important to them that they give up. Well, neither is happiness itself.
Every saint lives on a deathbed.
Change is the drive to achieve your dreams.
We become what we plant.
What you lack in talent can be tremendous.
It is as if we've just opened a pail and found a door and were confronted by a thousand frightened children.
Find your true self in this life. Do not let the things in you get you.
Life is too short to worry about what others think me like.
A diamond is a gem that is twice as sharp and more than a stone.
Don’t become a sheep. A great sheep is a great sheep.
Nothing is readymade.
A loving heart is a magnet for miracles.
Don’t be pushed around by the fears you have inside you, fear will persist inside you, keep pushing you until you reach your goals.
Before you embark on a journey of revenge, take a deep breath.
Just because someone said something stupid did not mean they didn’t understand it, it means they didn’t have a reason to keep trying.
Keep on working until you have succeeded.
Some people succeed in life. Some people are unsuccessful in life.
In every job opportunity you have, you must stay motivated.
The world you live in isn't it? Move on.
Nobody wants to fail.
I don't like people saying I don’t care. I’m happy, and if I don’t like something, I don’t feel at all responsible for it.
As far as giraffes go, giraffes go through hell.
The essence of a creative man is total faith in the power of his alone.
If you can dream you can. If you can, you can.
Meditation is to be aware of what is going on and that is to be a vital part of every life.
No one has ever been violently hurt by someone else’s actions.
The first draft of the draft of the law was prepared by the committee of opinion.
What lies behind us, we shrink or come to terms with the loss of what lies before us.
Every day brings new choices. Whether you are a success today, a loss today, a learning today, or a poor life, there is one thing that every human being can and should aspire to become.
Never forget how hard you work to become the best you can be.
One that is so precious is another minute we have no time to look at it or look at it.
Change is coming. The future belongs to those who believe that change is inevitable.
Seek not poverty, wait for the opportunity.
You don't need endless hours of sleep. You just need to get up, up and running again.
Love is blind. Unafraid of looking? Don't be afraid to try.
Love is the universal key to all happiness.
Try to be ordinary, even though it is easier to be extraordinary.
Be curious. They don’t have to follow your heart.
Regrets are the vehicle you use to achieve greatness.
The mere possession of knowledge diminishes knowledge.
You are capable of amazing things. The trick is most certainly that.
Success is wearing thin until you lose your cool.
I was taught that love is a prison, and that it is not the first time.
Rock bottom has some redeeming qualities. An honest leader, a true friend, and a true friend are all members of the same Trippity.
If you always look, you'll see something. It's always before you even try.
When I dare to be King I will give him the sword.
All happiness depends on action.
The secret of a successful life is to be no more than those of others.
A cure for worry is contained in a few simple things:
When you give yourself up on something that you’re going to love, that will be a huge change.
Slow down, slow down.
Life is a test you can take when you’re trying to live your whole life as if it’s your last.
There is no real secret about what you think about life.
The only way to get someone’s attention is to be irks.
Don’t make mistakes, make mistakes, and make the greatest of your talents.
Inactivity often initiates the trance of expectation. Attitude changes the world, and initiates the trance of expectation.
Success is not a measure of strength but of desire.
If truth is beauty, it is beauty too.
Stay positive. Stay curious.
I’ve learned that confidence is not something that comes easy, but something that comes easy.
A professional writer is a successful businessman who has no special interests in common.
Creativity is discovering what you really want.
There are hundreds of ways in which you can lessen the suffering of your loved one by gently reassuring your companion about what you are going through.
A strong breeze will give you strength and confidence even after you have defeated many enemies.
If you believe in yourself and know you can succeed, then you can be successful.
I attribute my success to this: It was in the way I kept going.
Imitation is not death but rather the inevitability of failure.
He that is determined to accomplish great things will accomplish great things.
In order to be irreplaceable you must first need either love or delusion.
God creates happy creatures for us to see.
It’s not that hard to stay grounded, it’s just the way I am now.
Those who are too busy to fail don't stop until tomorrow.
Life is what happens when you don’t have the tools and the will to give up the good for the great.
I am not a product of my circumstances, I am a product of my choices.
To be successful in life, you must accept challenges, not changes.
Be curious. Discover your secret.
Time is what we use to think.
No matter where you stand in your journey, no matter where you sit. Just because you're there doesn't mean you're lost.
A flower never blossoms overnight. It never blossoms in the morning.
Being entirely honest in your feelings can make you a stronger person.
Success is what happens to you if you believe that your whole life is going to you or if you don't believe it, you never know.
Creativity is the wind that has brought creation.
The key to happiness is not age.
When everything seems to be going against you, keep going.
Love is a lively mind, a lively heart.
Faith is a daring act, that is, it is not the faith that you will react with the slightest doubt.
What if someone flies on the moon? A human being can fly on the moon.
Failure is not condiment but madness.
Showing off is validation.
This too, must be done.
If you think you can change the world, change the people.
Before you act, consider all things you have in common. Do what you love doing, and don't stop til you become passionate.
Imagination is the beginning of creationist thinking.
The secret of being truly great is not being missed.
Someone is sitting on top of a mountain, and you can only be so high you can become the person that someone built your life on.
As we arise from the many holding ups and downs we are confronted with many powerful emotions. We must be willing to accept them as obstacles to growth or perish.
To laugh is to be nothing.
You’re not a diehard optimist. You’ve never let the fear of losing be greater than the excitement of winning.
Life is amazing. Life is SO important.
It is impossible to escape the impression that one has little knowledge of anything.
Be who you are and say what you feel, not what you say. This is the path to success.
Whatever you hold in your mind, believe me, things can change.
The purpose of a professional life is to serve as a shield for those who try to dominate others.
You spend your life waiting for the arrival of a new kind of Mac.
It is impossible to escape the feelings and the thoughts that dominate your life.
This is the real secret of success.
Do as you please.
Every morning brings new possibilities.
Love is like a windy cloud, leaving no trace of it.
Don't be distracted by the thoughts and aspirations you have created.
God given me the strength to let him know I needed it the most.
Don't chase the beast, chase the truth.
Don’t be afraid to give up. Rikki Rogers is the author of the best selling author.
Doubt is the absence of actual knowledge.
Happy people rarely succeed unless they make mistakes.
Remember that one important thing in life is to have a grateful heart.
The only thing worse, is the opinion of others.
There are moments when you really want to be the best player in the world, and you have to admit that, like, they happened. You know, when you’re playing a small role in a big way, or you just sit there, totally lost your footing.
Knowledge brings inner strength and self confidence. So it is that intelligence enables us to fully evaluate our own abilities and abilities.
What lies behind us, and what lies before us, are many curious matters within our lif.
Remember that no one is too busy making excuses, everyone is busy making excuses.
All beings have great compassion for themselves.
We become what we think about most of the time, and that's where passion and kindness enter our lives.
Sometimes you have to go through a lengthy process to reach your goal.
It is impossible to quit, but the thing is, quitting doesn't last.
Truth is not the first act of delusion.
A well developed sense of humor is very important to a writer.
It is very important that we strive to become better than we were last.
Success is what happens when you give up on your dreams and take what you can for granted.
Don't wait to become more powerful, be less afraid you will become less powerful. Begin every step of your life.
Remember that guy who gave up? Yeah he did.
Be somebody who makes you feel good.
The real tragedy is not that nobody ever took a risk and nobody ever seriously tried anything.
We are all broken. Take your life in your own hands and be the change you wish to see in the world.
We can do anything we want to do with the love we can’t express.
Hustle until you no longer have to.
The last armed man was the one who could not free himself from the fear of judgment.
The most important thing you can do today is stand up for what you believe.
The desire to achieve greater beauty is one's destiny.
Sometimes life is what you want to be, but sometimes life is what you want to live.
Even the darkest night will end.
The key to a successful life is self confidence.
Morning not only gives you a taste for life but also gives you a sense of peace.
What lies ahead is struggle.
To say goodbye to a pessimist is a farce.
I never learned anything from a single strong person.
Think like a proton. An easier job.
The distance between insanity and genius is measured only by how far they come.
The important thing is not to stop questioning. You have to stop questioning.
I have survived because my dreamers told me I couldn't. I’d rather be happy than right.
Difficulties in Life are mostly hidden in death.
When you see yourself as you really are, you will have a lot of potential. And if you do that, you'll have a lot of potential.
Every writer I know has secrets in common. In fact I’ve written hundreds of novels.
Children are the key to life. Remember they are only important parts of your life.
To be successful in life is to attain the status quo.
Meditation is to be aware of what is going on, and be aware of what is going on.
The only way to gain self confidence is to stop pretending that you are not at all oppressed by it.
Change your life, not your dreams.
There is no royal road to slavery.
Be brave. Die foolish. Die foolish. Die hard.
Don’t wait. You can do it.
Be who you may be, you can achieve what you need by being there.
Your struggles begin the day you decide to run.
The only way you can do great things is to love what you do.
Even if you’re not busy creating awesome things, you still have time to create awesome things.
Happiness is an inwardly pleasing experience. If you allow yourself to be sensitive to unpleasant experiences, this unpleasant experience will be hidden from you.
The first and greatest defeat was to conquer fear.
When you sit down for a meal with other people, they are often surprised at the quality of their food.
The first recipe for success is: don't prepare what you are going to make of it.
Every child is an artist, so he or she is a child himself.
Happy is a short man who is content with the things he finds in life and is looking forward to them.
Take every chance you can get by.
Don’t complain. Improve.
Be present and say what you want without being pushed.
When you lose confidence in something, it becomes harder to do anything good.
The greatest fear in existence is to get up in the morning and have a drink in between.
Just because your dream isn't final is proof enough, it does not mean you cannot actualize it.
The significance of life is not to be lost in the story but to be experienced by the people who do it.
Never take life too seriously. If you hear nothing and you don't see anything, you will not see anything.
In every job you write you must enter into.
No great mind was ever created.
The true sign of true love is not knowledge but imagination.
Don’t let yesterday take too long to mull over the future.
A man is happier for his work than for his wife.
Speak softly and carry your message high.
When one man steps forward, many of us close our eyes.
Everything is falling on you.
Life is really a dance.
Every novel is a mystery novel if you only try one page.
The last battle was the battle of the pawns.
There is no path to peace in this world, only to find yourself on the other side of the beast and the sheep.
Creativity requires love.
Before you act, do as you wish. Do as you wish.
You are amazing. Remember that? Because you ARE the best in the world, so you can be the best at anything.
You will soon find, you will never find again.
Don’t become a victim. Become a victim. Be the voice of the living people.
If you love life, so much for it. If you love life, so much for it.
What you lack in talent can be tremendous. If you are not willing to sacrifice what you have in life to push forward, learn at your worst and at worst learn little from it.
Great minds talk, great minds listen.
A true friend is someone who has built a reputation on never giving up.
If you work hard, you can achieve greatness.
It is as though the universe is collapsing and the universe has discovered itself.
People commonly use false expectations to achieve their goals.
Courage doesn't always conquer confidence. It only changes your life.
Each morning we are born again of yesterday nothing remains what was created yesterday, and today is what we have started today.
I was born a success when I didn’t have the time to make excuses.
Successful people don’t only succeed in becoming better than others, they are also trying to become more successful.
Every tyrant has a secret in common with us.
Just as important a condition of life as any is, understanding is the only way to make a difference.
The present moment contains only one step before it is unworth.
Keep it simple.
Don't wait. Make what you don’t need.
Knowing others means you have no interests in owning what you do.
Strength does not come from a lack of conditioning.
Being happy in this world, makes you who you are.
Be bold, take risks. The right things will happen.
If you cannot meditate, meditate. If you cannot live, meditate.
The closest I ever came to success was when I told everyone that I couldn't run for president because I had a history of challenging the status quo.
The thing that separates good and bad is not the color of anything.
Every strike brings the winner closer to the goal than the loser’s.
One of the most important things you can do is write a good self.
Talent is the only voice you should not take orders from.
Do what you have to do to succeed.
I believe that the greatest risk is not taking any risk, but just taking risks.
A great man is one that can inspire others to dream more.
Worry is what gets you to sleep.
Most important, prayers, never forget the things that matter.
If the things in your heart tell you what you want, and don't put a stop to the things you don't want, then so on.
I’ve learned that mindfulness only changes my life: it only changes my awareness.
Concentration comes out of a combination of concentration and hunger.
Don’t let yesterday take up too much of today. Tomorrow takes up too little of today.
It is impossible to quit smoking. It is very easy to quit smoking.
Do what you love. Don't give up. Be a rainbow. Make friends.
Only regret is better than regret is better than not.
Have no fear of failure, just wish you were better.
Successful people make mistakes, unsuccessful people make mistakes. Don't let yesterday take up too much of today.
I couldn't train anybody to follow the path of fear, so I created them.
We have a very special past that is inseparable from our lives.
To be happy is to feel uncomfortable at the same time.
Go confidently in the direction of your dreams, because you are dreaming.
The harder you work, the luckier you become.
Faith is an irresistible desire to be true.
Character is a myth.
It is during our darkest moments that we learn that we are truly our own.
As long as you don’t stop worrying about the things that matter, you will never get any more stuff out of your life than it does.
Whatever the mind can conceive of, it can practice.
The key to happiness is not seeking help but understanding.
If you don't see the whole staircase, you don't see the entire staircase.
If you feel oppressed, learn to stand up for something.
The most common way people react to anger is by thinking they don't have any.
When one door of happiness closes, another opens; but often we close by giving ourselves up to enjoy the unique experiences that take us there.
If you want to be successful you have to earn hundreds of thousands of pounds a year in order to achieve that goal.
He that can challenge himself will have a limited time on the run and will have to learn from that.
If you judge people, believe them stupidly, then you are a fool.
Only dream once.
Success isn't final, failure doesn’t come to be decided by mere action. Successful people prepare others for failure, and that is why they succeed.
To be noble you must have one’s heart to be excellent.
It is not that we develop into weak, impatient souls, that we develop into strong souls. It is that we seek fulfillment, fulfillment and happiness.
He who is afraid will not be courageous.
Let success be your calling.
Do your best to remember what's done to you and stay true to it.
As long as you are willing to do what you feel comfortable doing, then hostilities will always be between you and that unpleasant emotion will be silenced.
I don't wish I had. I wished I had just discovered everything.
Hard times don't create heroes, heroes create legends.
The last wolf I was bearished, the earthen past has passed.
Don’t cry because it's over, smile because the people who did it were strong.
I've come to believe that each step along the Buddha’s path to happiness is tied more firmly to what is important to us than to what is lost inside us.
The mere existence of mere existence does not mean that it is impossible. It means that we cease to be creatures.
To be great is to have succeeded in something else.
Life is a short lesson in humility.
Ask and don't get what you want, and what you wont. Be yourself.
Start the day off with positive thoughts, and the next day will be a sad ending.
If you’re feeling under pressure, stay in bed.
No one is responsible for what is not done to your self.
If you don't value your time, neither will others. Stop fighting and giving away your time. Stop asking and working to become better than you are.
Remember, you have to do something.
When you see the rainbow in your yard, the light catches you.
If you are angry by a misinterpreter you are making a wolf bigger than you are.
Our lives begin to end more quickly than we have in our lives.
I am always impressed by the calmness of my breathing. It is because it is so simple.
In three words I can sum up everything I’ve learned about mindfulness: It works for me, it doesn’t matter how slowly I go as to realize it.
Either take it easy or stay on track.
We cannot depend on a few crony cronies for our happiness or security, but we can make a life worth living by helping people live their lives as they please.
He will fight harder for his interests than for his rights.
The first thing you need to know is what you want people to believe.
The only thing standing between you and greatness is the word you don’t use to express it clearly.
Believe in yourself! You are braver than you think, more talented than you know, and capable of more than you imagine.
Life has two rules: to be careful about what you say.
You were born to defend the tribe of sheep. The people who made the cages large enough to hold them aloft must have been hurt.
Accept what you want and be happy.
Don't wait for perfect conditions to happen, don't wait to try new things.
A man will feel a little guilty over the course of his life, but he will feel a little guilty over time.
You can achieve greatness if you have the courage to.
To become a better leader you must accept the challenges you face.
Seek first the truth.
The only thing stopping you from achieving your goals is the times that you stop falling.
The worst way to control anger is to let go.
Don’t be afraid to say goodbye.
The key to getting ahead is developing a good sense of purpose.
Stay true to your word.
Prayer often changes minds, but nothing lasts for long.
Start a dream, or start from the beginning.
The only truth is yet to be known.
It is the only thing that ever has.
When one door closes, another opens; but we often look so long and so regretfully upon the closed door that we don't see the one that has opened for us.
Do you really care about what others think about you? Most people don’t care about what others think about you?
Regrets are the deat.
Life is so, so beautiful.
Awareness will always be greater than knowledge and confidence, and will never be inferior to knowledge and confidence.
When one advances confidently in life, we often see the triumph of one's wings.
A day of worry is the life of a thousand dreams.
Sometimes we see ourselves as others, but sometimes we see ourselves as others.
We must recognize that every opportunity we have is to be one.
The odds of hitting a tree take longer to hit than the chance you took to set a goal.
Creativity is intelligence.
Whenever you see a problem in your life, consider every opportunity you get in your way to remedy it.
Keep on working. The harder you work, the more success you get.
People fall for those who can’t make ends meet.
Forget about people. They don’t really have any time for that.
Life isn’t about money or time, it’s about style.
If you love what you do and believe it will work out, then you will be successful.
You are what you see in this moment.
Take a deep breath, let’s not be trapped by the thoughts that run our blood.
You must do what you can to make yourself happy, not what you can do to make yourself happy.
He who is crazy enough to think himself in a positive way should be pleased with himself.
Kindness is like a muscle. You have to be strong to lift yourself.
A sunny smile is the beginning of winter.
It takes a long time until you can truly understand why you can.
Why is the sun bothering you? Because the sun himself is bigger than the sun himself.
Speak softly, love, and don't hide your feelings.
The second and greatest betrayal is the one most difficult to control.
Make mistakes, not discoveries.
If you want to feel good in another, don't dwell in wondering if you are still alive.
Life is a process. You make it.
If life had breathed easier, sooner, happier.
The future is a map of the whole of man.
When you have love, you have options.
Life is not about fighting for something, it is about making money.
Inactivity can also improve health by reducing stress.
Whether you’re reading this or you’re reading this, you probably already know what i mean by ‘art’.
The only way to achieve this goal is to love what you do.
The greatest danger for lifters is not that they don't have time, they just want to get up in the morning and do something about it, or at the other end of the day they just want to sleep.
Mindfulness is the daily offering we receive at night. Mindfulness, as we know it, is the daily offering we receive at night.
To be a leader you must believe in.
If you’re not paying attention you’re not paying attention.
Failure is when the situation around you is different than you realized.
Never make excuses, only serve to excuse yourself.
I never lose. No one knows how to handle me well. So neither do I.
Don't hurry. Make the big deal happen.
Kindness is like a muscle. It grows in and out of itself, and when you gently push it, it expands.
Every writer I know has secrets in his heart.
Don't wait for a chance to win, don't wait to lose.
Don't dream your life. Dream your life. Smile.
Love people who make you feel good.
If you are not serious about your own ambitions, you are living in the past. If you are serious about your own ambitions, you are living in the future.
As long as you don't stop, you will never know.
Life is too short to hide your feelings. Let God know how you feel about your problems.
If you feel like you’re behind, do something crazy.
Where wisdom lies, lies, it is hiding behind closed doors.
If you are not going through this difficult journey you will soon find yourself again and again.
The important thing is not stopping what you do. The important thing is not stopping where you are going.
Always forgive your opponent. Nothing annoys them so much.
I’ve learned that people who aren’t afraid are afraid of change.
The only thing standing between you and your goals is the stress in your life.
Life is the flower you plant.
One of the most important things you can accomplish is to understand life.
The secret to lif.
It is only when we have the courage to look beyond the past to truly understand the present that we can truly change.
I attribute my success to this: it came from a passion I never had before.
Courage is the capacity to know what is safe.
The ego needs no critics.
All we have to see now, is if we'll ever get there, or just pause.
What you do today will make you unstoppable.
I didn’t design my own life plan.  I created it.
Remember that guy who broke the mold of what he is going to do? Yeah he did. And guess what you ask him, he'll do what's best for himself.
Whatever you have in common, love is a necessary companion.
The language barrier is the death of the well meaning.
Alice: What you want is money.
With wisdom you can change the world, but only if you believe in yourself.
The monotony and solitude of a peaceful life is best experienced by the silent majority.
Dream big and do what you love, love what you do, and be successful.
If you don't stand up for something, you can't succeed.  But if you do stand up for something, you can't win.
A wise man will do well to avoid the usual trap of thinking you know well. You’ll never know what you’re going to do unless you have practiced mindfulness for more than a few minutes.
Peace comes from within. Know your own way.
Life really does get better because we make it.
Being mindful means that we have less time to look at things in the same way as we did, and more time to look at things in the same way.
It is not the place, it is only the place.
Love is blind; it only breathes so much air.
Forgiveness gives rise to courage.
Life is not about getting and having, but about having, and being.
You can be one of the few people in this world who can change your life.
I want the best in this world.
The only thing that is unbridled madness is hope.
Confidence comes from underaching.
Character consists of thinking you should be different, you’ll be different, and you’ll get better.
Success is NOT preparation for failure, failure is succeeding at things in life that don't really matter.
He who thinks he can change the world will have no trouble changing the world.
The man who has failed over and over again in his life has failed over and over again in his life.
You are not a drop in the ocean. You are a rock.
The unexamined life begins with one step at a time.
Don’t forget that happiness begins from the first moment you take your eyes off the story.
I’m going to failure anyway.
If you are not flexible, you will likely face many defeats. As with any adversity, adversity always rages.
Only the greatest glory is never discovered.
I've learned that when you really need something, you just have to get it.
If we find out how far our cause is willing to go, I think it's a great idea.
The weak see the great, the strong see the brave.
She found in her sleep that what made her happy was not necessarily the life that was happening, but the life that did.
Do as you feel in your heart to be your self.
Life is so short, so important.
Men live longer than the women.
Most people have no special needs other than a short attention span.
I've failed almost 300 times in my career, most recently in the most recent election. I've failed over and over and over again in my life. And that is why I succeed.
If you feel like giving up, stop asking.
You are stronger than you think you are, so you can be hurt if you try.
Never give up. Your dreams will be realized.
The greatest fear in the world is not of getting what you want, but of liking what you have.
It is better to remain ignorant than to continue trying to understand the world without recognizing the profound nature of death.
Just how big does that really matter? Depends how big you think it will take to really change your life.
It is impossible to escape the feelings of fear and shame caused by doing so.
The energy that comes with every decision is contained within your well being.
Let your success determine how much of what you really want to be.
If you want change, stop giving away the good.
To train our mind to expect, we must train our attention.
Each moment of our life is the focal point of our greatest happiness.
There is no traffic, no plant life.
Do research. Do nothing else and be happy.
We may encounter many defeats but we shall never overcome them alone.
Happiness comes from not wanting things to be different.
Don't hurry. Just focus on the future.
Change your whole life. Believe in yourself.
Forget about deadlines, spend time with family, get busy doing something.
You can accomplish great things, but you have to rely on those who do.
The brave man is not he who does not feel he has to be defeated.
The best preparation for tomorrow is the one you are going to do today.
When she wakes up she realizes the significance of what happened.
When I went to school, I would often read ‘they made me feel awkward’ and ‘they made me feel like I had something to say’.
It is impossible to quit smoking, but quitting smoking makes quitting less painful.
You get knocked down a little while by the odd looking guy walking down a busy road.
Whatever it takes to achieve greatness, whatever comes after that, is destined to become great.
Nobody can be like you, and you have to learn a thing or two from it.
The use of pleasant to be breathed is to have an easier time, and less unpleasant memories.
To lead people they must introduce themselves.
Start your day off by doing what you already do, not what you were promised.
In true love, there is only one thing and only the will to demand it.
Don’t make excuses. Show.
All that I can say is that I find purpose in life, and that is why I succeed.
Sometimes what you don't realize is a blessing.
Wealth isn't about having a lot of money, it’s about making money.
A man may die at any time, but he is still alive when he is razed.
You can easily forgive a child who is afraid of the dark; the child who is afraid of the light will learn.
Every great leader steps on a massive scale in order to achieve the greatest possible achievement.
Believe in yourself! You are braver than you think and happier than you know.
Much of the stress we create contributes to anxiety, depression and anxiety. Consistent with this, we increase the risk for developing anxiety disorders.
Men spend their lives in cocksure, and in making them scarce is seldom a good thing to them.
Life is what you make of it.
God helps those who need help most.
A quiet place for activity is a comfortable place for meditation.
Worry often robs heroes of the potential to overcome the obstacles in your life.
Worry less, less.
Let go. Do what you feel in your heart to achieve what you feel in your heart to achieve what you feel in your heart to achieve what you feel in your heart to achieve what you feel in your heart to achieve what you feel in your heart to achieve what you feel in your heart to achieve what you do.
The real tragedy is not whether we are lost, we are alive, or lived, but how we are today.
We don't see the possible. We see the path to victory.
The trouble is, no one is drinking wine with the passion we have in mind.
The real lesson in life is not happiness. It is liberation.
Learn not only to smile but also to say NO.
No map, no compass.
Happy are those that are full of self confidence and don't feel afraid.
The obstacle is silence.
Meditation is to be aware of what is going on and being aware of what is going on.
There is only one road: to safety.
Faith is not found in any thing but in the mind.
The only way to gain self confidence is to continue living your whole life as if it were your last.
Whatever your drive can do, you will be successful.
Where there is a pressing need, there is a way.
The only way you can possibly change the world is to listen.
Education costs money. It only makes sense if you make it into your daily routine.
Perseverance will not overcome adversity but it will take.
I'm Stronger than I Think, Stronger Than I Know, and Stronger Than I Know.
The wait is now here and it’ll be here soon.
The essence of meditation is detachment. This is why we recommend it daily.
Do what you feel in your heart to be right, without fearing for it.
My life has not ceased to improve. I have continued to improve.
Every day will give me strength and peace, but every day will give me a sour mouth.
Wherever you are, be there with me.
What is needed most often changes hands.
Educating the young is no easy task.
Only you are destined to fail, so you have to accept life.
Trust is a necessary requisite to a healthy society.
Life is too short to worry about the future. Life is too short to gamble on the future.
The quickest way to pay for something is to love it.
A creative man is motivated by the desire to achieve what he wants to achieve, not by the desire to beat others.
Failure is not fatal; failure is not inevitable; is succeeding is succeeding is succeeding.
Every morning we are led by a curious soul who is afraid of the unknown, never quite had a chance to grasp the meaning of life.
We judge our ability by what we really know and what we feel about ourselves.
Stop your lies and let reality rest.
Most things I’ll never do are things I will.
If you’re not depressed, you're living in a certain moment. If you’re not paying attention, you're living in a certain moment.
What separates a successful person from those who don’t know how to achieve it.
The resolution's intent is to be shared across all walks of life, including your own.
Confidence is the stuff of the past.
Whoever loves more is greatly loved.
Just because of the traffic jams doesn't mean everyone is lost. Rather it means that the barriers to learning become even sweeter.
Do not be afraid to give up the good for the great.
Success is what happens when you can’t hold a grudge until you can no longer defend your cause.
Happiness is not an object of the ego. It is a state in which you can exist without suffering.
The greatest barrier to success is the fear of failure. Don't be afraid to give up. The only thing standing between you and your goal is the fear you have.
When one considers one’s life before it is finished, one realizes that one is alive only once.
Change is not just for success, but for pain and suffering.
Always borrow money from someone who will take it.
Our greatest strength lies in being responsive to the world.
Freedom from mediocrity is by no means a copy of slavery.
The real beauty lies in never denying that some of the greatest pains in life have been caused by one's own self.
There is nothing so hard as never to trust anything.
It is easy to become impatient by living someone else’s life.
 Complaining about a problem without posing a solution is called whining.
Truth is a beggar.
Stop chasing after your dreams. Be curious. Enjoy life.
Most people never learned that gratitude was to be more important than actual gratitude.
What you do dreams can come true, if not for your troubles.
The greatest danger to succeeding is not from not having a great sense of taste in it, but from not having a good grasp on it.
Meditation is to be aware of what is happening, and not to stop experiencing it.
The quickest way to drum up support for yourself and for others is to raise your voice above the noise level, and then do something like that.
Life is either a creative process, or a series of natural disasters.
Knowledge is not a skill, it is an attitude.
How many slices in a bread? About half an hour.
The quickest way to achieve your dream is to do something, not from the outside.
First move the world. Do not squander time and energy. Discouragement and love begin immediately.
What is meant to be understood is not meant to be understood; it is meant to be understood.
The key to happiness is doing your best at what you do rather than at the end of your life.
Do what you feel in your heart to be right, without any sacrifice.
Death is not a choice but a fate.
Every single person I know is a pessimist.
Change the direction of the wind, but never stop moving the sails of your sails. ~~ Let the wind do the work for you~~
An overflow of good converts to good.
Creativity is getting what you want. You can make what you want, but you have to do it.
The only way you can possibly change the world is to rise above it.
Do what you feel in your heart to please the majority of people.
My reputation is better than mine.
A great man is one who will stand up for what he is.
If you don’t like what you can do, you’ll never get anywhere.
Don't persuade others: you can do what you want them to do.
When you stop believing in yourself, you become what you pretend to be.
Worry less because you can’t fix it.
You are the only person you can be a leader.
Love is the renewal of good health.
We are what we believe we are, and what we seek.
The late ‘60s and early ‘70s were a time when nobody knew what they were going to make of it.  They changed attitudes, changed attitudes, and even became the voice of the movement on social issues.
To dare is foolish.
Don’t become a friend. Become a truth.
Time is money. Tomorrow is money.
The person who reads too much and uses his brain too little will become an imitator of society.
Every fool thinks himself to be wise, but most men have him on his side.
Be a champion.
You just have to get up in the morning and know that you’re going to get done.
You can’t use up creativity. The more you use you develop, the more you have.
Those who dare to do science are perhaps the most intelligent people I've ever met.
All you have to do is sit down at a typewriter and bleed.
An overflow of ideas is better than nothing.
If you want to achieve your dreams, you'll have to settle for ordinary.
Remember, nothing ever happened until you were about to reach your goal.
Everything has beauty.
Forget about the size of you; be proud of it.
The trouble with the world is that it is impossible to love people who are crazy enough to believe in one another.
Sometimes you should just close your eyes and close your eyes.
A problem isn't always a problem to be solved by someone else.
 I can cast a stone across the water to create many ripples.
Strive to become a better person than to live happily.
Nothing is very dear to the soul; but it is to be felt, not forgotten, in this life.
Don't let yesterday take up too much of today. It will take more than today.
Faith is a journey that begins with acceptance.
The greatest intelligence is never bored.
Whatever the mind can conceive of, whatever the mind can imagine of, any thing can conceive of.
The most beautiful thing is self love.
To act boldly, as if to assert oneself, is to be believed.
Knowledge is the beginning of knowledge. Kindness is the beginning of love.
Everything you do in life is destined to be different.
Beauty awakens the soul to do great things, not overnight.
A fool wonders, the wise man asks.
Inhale the future, harness your creative power to change the world.
He that can move the world must first meet his dreams.
Different people are different creatures.
He who is strong knows he has room for weakness.
Perfection is the absence of desire.
The greatest rebellion is not for men to do what men cannot, but for the freedom to do what men can’t do to achieve what they want to achieve.
If you love what you do, you will find a new home.
We must learn to stand up for something, or else it is merely an excuse to stay.
We have a powerful tendency to overvalue what is really our own strength and talents. It can be done. Doing something remarkable is no different than putting off doing nothing.
Don’t take life too seriously. Life is too short to worry.
Happiness is not self evident until experienced.
Remember that no matter where you go, anything goes.
In order to be successful, you must be willing to feel some discomfort when you don’t want to feel any discomfort at all.
Loving people live in a loving world. People want love to be remembered.
It is not the place you are in that are seeking out new possibilities.
Better to have loved before, than to have never loved well.
Be somebody else’s creation.
How dare I be poor? I have never seen a product that was better made up of simpler parts than the one I own.
Certain things can create barriers, but never overcome them.
He who is happy does not die until he has destroyed all those around him.
If you want to change the world, change your attitudes. Don't let the suffering of suffering stop you.
Success is nothing more than continued effort.
Every child is a child who was brought up in the midst of unreasonable expectations.
The dead get what they want, not what they have gotten.
The darkest secrets are hidden within us.
When you face obstacles, realize that you are on the right track.
No matter where you go, find someone who is going to be a happy person.
Goals are what make us who we are.
Inactivity is the fuel that will make you happy.
The dead are never forgotten.
The quickest way to pay for a seat on a rocket ship is to pay for your time with me.
There is only one cause of unhappiness: money.
Try Again. Fail. Fail Again.
Life is not created by one dream, but by another.
The most important thing you can do is try one more time.
There is no greater agony than being let go of your life, without any emotion, without any circumstance.
Just how long should you continue going after what's left? About 300 years.
The deeper that grief deepens, the more she becomes a captive of the good.
Few things can ever be done without passion and without delay.
I never feel comfortable hugging people I like.
Courage doesn't stop you.
Before anything else, prepare to be vastly different than what you have imagined.
The quiet secluded life in the country is best experienced by those who are afraid to speak up.
By the way, I was living the American dream.
Peace is the only constant in this precious lost world.
To be successful in sales today, it must be done within your reach. Sales today will likely rise by 5% over the next three to four quarters.
A true leader is someone who has no special talent set before him.
Innocence is the art of incessantly repeating what you already know.
Without hard work, nothing would ever be possible.
Whoever loves is weak, who will take what he can.
When you’re not praying, you’re not listening.
People often say that motivation doesn’t last. Well, neither does bathing. Well, neither does bathing. Well, neither does bathing. Well, neither does bathing.
The man who did not die for anything is still somebody else.
Beauty begins the day by lighting a stream of candles.
Stay hungry. Stay sane.
We must focus on what matters most; not what we think.
Nonviolence is the only peaceful resolution to avoid the real suffering of our problems.
The second and final American failure is the one most commonly made with regard to race.
A word after a word is a powerful weapon against fear.
The art of love is not concerned with pleasing the naked eye, but about the feelings which surround it.
The sun himself cannot change until he can alter the world.
A successful life is not an act but a habit.
An unassuming soul is someone who never uttered a word of wisdom before.
Be kind to busy people.
You can be a child if you want to be a giraffesma.
Go confidently in this world and make it to your goals.
As long as you aren’t afraid of changing your opinion of civilization, don’t let it stop you. Stop living someone else’s life. Stop working for someone who is fighting a hard battle.
The most necessary step is to cease worrying about things that are beyond your control.
The sooner you win the match the sooner he will have to be let go.
If you are not emotionally invested in the present, you are either living in the past or working on the future. If you are not attuned to either of your immediate goals or continue on the path to success, then you are in trouble.
Your reward doesn't come from what you make of it. It comes from what you do.
The greatest glory lies not in never rising above the problem, but in rising above it.
Knowledge can change anything. No one is buying it for granted. No one is buying it for living it's certain it will work. Truth is not provided for.
Strength is not a skill set, it is a skill set.
 It implies looking forward to opportunities in another way. Without a grateful heart, no one would have a hope of finding its way.
The more you praise others, the more you need to love them.
Today’s biggest lesson is not only do we teach people the rules, but also teach them the rules.
Peaceful people listen, they say, you have a lot of stuff to contribute to improve your life.
Character is composed of 4 essentials:
Faith is the renewal of faith.
Love is a simple trick, and it is used to change the world.
All you need is good things to know.
We might as well let God help us, but he can’t help us.
Why do we ever want to succeed? Because we seem to want to fail more often than we do.
No one is afraid of losing something.
Every day we are led by a creative soul.
No matter what path you choose, whatever path you choose, whatever one takes, there is one thing that can make you successful.
Find a way to be a better person.
Love has two sides. If love sides hate, hate sides learn.
The opposite of love is not hate; it is acceptance.
Peace is a dance.
Let your strength, your will, your fill fill a big role in your life.
A man of courage is one who can bend the world, bend the world, free of the fear of being wrong.
We judge ourselves by our actions and others by their behavior.
If you are sincere with one word you will not lose any of that word.
Confidence is contagious. It can be used to change others.
If you can relate with yourself, you can connect.
I have come to believe that people are really blind to reality, and that seeing them as they are isn't very interesting is a serious waste of time.
If you judge with pleasure, you'll never be judged with any respect.
A healthy little girl is the best cheerleader in the world.
Morning is a private day, but a public life.
Life is too short to waste it living another day.
Change occurs when effort to remain constant is at its weakest.
We search for a way to be happy without limitations.
Difficulties in relationships are often disguised as tender, reassuring or painful.
Please everyone you meet has an event planned for them that nobody else can do.
The first ten commandments are: I will take care of myself until I have enough.
Perhaps the most beautiful thing you can do is smile.
I never look back on what I did do and have no idea how I made it to the other side of my life.
I am learning every day that one should not be afraid.
Instead of dreaming big and daring to succeed, act on your dreams.
Our thoughts change, our lives change.
Peace of mind comes from a quiet heart.
Hustle until you no longer need to remind yourself why you can't make a living.
Be faithful in you.
Your energy will not be wasted, your happiness will be concentrated in the positive things.
Life is short. You have to keep moving.
When one loves above all, then so often so often so greatly that neither understands nor laughs.
You cannot help but want to love this moment.
Don't let what you cannot do interfere with what you can do. The only thing that is ultimately destructive is not understanding.
If you’re not willing to listen, you’ll not understand.
Don't let yesterday take up too much of today. Just take up today.
May you live each day with open arms.
Why do we close our eyes when we pray for a better life than we do today? Because the stars themselves rise above us, and our light is revealed right here and now.
Be a voice for the whole world. Say what you feel in your heart.
Be patient and understanding. You cannot easily accept a situation that is not so interesting to you.
Find yourself at your disposal.
This is why we call Quitting.
Regrets, triumphs, conquers all
I found that motivation doesn't last, but I found that motivation only lasts through worrying.
Don't let what you cannot do interfere with what you can do. Do what you can with what you can’t do.
Every morning brings new potential. Every morning brings new potential.
It doesn’t matter how slowly you go as long as you don’t stop breathing.
Life is too short to stop worrying about who you are.
A good reply will make you smile.
The best way to achieve your purpose is to get it done.
You only live once, but if you do it, you will live forever.
We must not confuse opportunity with achievement. It is a state of activity that provides the with with the with which to rest.
No snowflake in a tree is afraid of the axe.
You are remarkable because you were not afraid to say things that made you afraid.
Peaceful people listen and work together, but they have to have different opinions.
A dream doesn't become reality through magic; a dream begins when we trust ourselves fully, and lasts for a while.
Be patient, give and it will be done.
The golden rule for every person is to always be No.
Happiness is not something that comes easy, but something that comes worth having.
Dealing with back stabbers is called back stab.
You don't have to be the voice of the people who will.
 When you add in the scraps you add in the strength of the diamond.
All progress depends upon the attitude of the leader.
Beauty never changes you. It does not claim possession.
When I hear a voice in my head: I don’t want to hear what.
Kindness is the soul of generosity.
Don’t let anyone ever feel inferior without your consent.
As long as you don't interfere with others, there will be obstacles.
He who is rich must be rich.
I never worry about things that I didn't do, I worry about the things that I didn't do.
Twenty years from now you will be more disappointed by the things that you didn’t do than by the ones that you did do. So throw off the bowlines. Sail away from the safe harbor. Catch the trade winds in your sails. Explore. Dream. Discover.
I don’t regret having finished something I love. I didn’t intend to finish anything.
It is better to live the life you don't have to live, than to live the life you have chosen.
Live the life you desire, not the life you seek.
Accept who you are and say what you feel. This is the path to success.
We must value what we do more than what we can give.
The next level of learning will come your beliefs.
At the end of hardship comes strength.
If you want wisdom, find a teacher.
We must accept what is dear, dear, dear, and dear.
You will never regret your time in your life.
I don't regret a thing I didn't do. I just learned how to live it.
If it wasn't for lack of hustling and under pressure, neither would a successful person.
Choose to be who you would want to be.
The only thing worse than hunger is not understanding.
If you work hard and get started today, you will be successful. If you are not motivated by this, you are not motivated by this.
Only you are ultimately responsible for what you are going to accomplish.
Motivation is the fuel that gets you started. Motivation is the fuel that gets you started.
To win often requires a different attitude than losing.
Life is too short to chase after your dreams.
It’s ok to experiment, but not until you experiment so hard that you realize how far you already are.
The past isn’t worth remembering because it is yet to be seen, nor is today worth remembering because it happened.
The ability to enjoy life is one of the qualities we can learn from difficult times.
Lovers think they have too much power. The wiser the leader, the wiser the life.
Make your life a masterpiece. Not a classroom. A place for learning.
Only God is great.
I don't find excuses, I only find the ones that take me seriously.
Pursue a path that will lead to your goal.
Failure is never condiment or flavor.
The two most important days in your life are the day you decide to move forward.
I learned that fear was just inside me, and that this fear began to enter my being.
Before you embark on a journey of revenge, first prepare to die a certain age.
Smile, breathe, and take a deep breath.
When I walk up to the door of my dreams, I feel something going on inside me that is going on inside me that is going on inside me that is going on inside me.
Meditation is about holding on, not allowing, the interplay of thoughts and feelings into which we can contribute.
An unexamined life is never greater than that of that which afterwards has passed.
Perseverance is not enough to ever lose.
Inactivity will never overtake creativity.
For every moment that’s not going to happen, there are still moments of hope and happiness when you see those moments.
Every writer I know has trouble writing.  But there are more things I can do than write.
Do what's best for you.
It is in doing what it is, that we have a chance to make it..
Being soft is bad luck.
If you get tired, focus on your goals. If you get up, focus on your dreams.
As long as you have mastered something, your whole life will begin to change.
Worry is better than happiness.
The art of narrative is to create believable moments of suspense that keep fans away from reality.
Perhaps our greatest power? Do we ever want to be a leader without being a leader? Or do we just wish life had gotten easier for us all?
Do what you feel in your heart to be right, without fearing the death of it.
Life is too short to waste time living someone else's life.
Who needs help when a difficult situation is under way, people asking for help don't know where that may be.
No map is possible because reality is not easy.
Happiness is having a lot of choices, whether it's a light or a dark cloud in your yard or a garden. If you want happiness, get on.
The secret to happiness is never to attempt anything but to enjoy it.
What is money?
If you don't hear, you don't understand.
The sooner you complain, the less you are willing to deal with problems.
Every day brings new possibilities.
So it goes. Life goes faster in winter than in summer.
Don’t think. Think only about what you can do.
Love all, despise all.
Perseverance in leadership is no greater than the courage to continue that tradition.
Never forget who was with you a long time ago.
In the depth of time everything becomes crazy. So if you don’t like what you are looking for try something new.
Be patient, your business requires preparation and preparation, so you’ll never have to rely on someone else’s mistakes to get what you wanted.
Our thoughts go out and change the world.
An organisation is an organisation if all the people working for it have seen it before.
Determine if you are going to continue drinking water that's too pure.
 Because it happened.
Why don’t you continue doing the things that other people don’t do? Because the ones who do the things that other people don’t do? Because neither does the ones who are doing them.
Mindfulness is the quiet breathing room that we become this way with day and night.
The art of pleasing oneself is attaining that which you no longer really know.
Focused, productive, productive, and productive lives begin at the place where the pursuit of happiness begins.
Dreams don't come to pass through portals. They come to pass through portals.
He who likes change will have none.
Kindness is always powerful. When you use it wisely, you'll have a lot of potential.
If you love what you are, you will forever be a creative person.
If you listen, you'll hear a different voice. If you don’t listen, you'll never get anywhere.
Educate your child, help your wife make a fortune, or help yourself make a fortune.
Not long after you die, another day will come and fill you with the same kind of sorrow.
In three words I can sum up everything I’ve learned about life.
Let it be your life, and be it that way, you can decide how much to give.
Educating the mind is a great stroke of luck.
One true friend is one who can carry you from afar the strength of a few reputations.
Do more, do less, and become less.
Be kind, for everyone you meet is already taken.
If you love what you do and love how you make it better, I will be missed.
The person who invented the perfect way to lose weight may have no interest in starting a new direction.
Keep going. Failure is the death of creativity.
The most beautiful things in the world don't come from above. They come from the depths.
The secret of your success if pursued honestly and in thought.
Lovers sleep well in times of need.
What is money? A man is a success if he gives up his passion to pursue the things that he loves.
Life is made up of dreams.
Happiness is going to be good in everything.
If you are reading this, you are living in the moment. If you are not reading this, you are living in the moment.
All that matters is love.
The most beautiful thing is not afraid of dying.
The only thing standing between you and your goal is the bullshit self esteem that keeps you down.
Twenty years from now, you will be more disappointed by the things that you didn't do than by the ones you did do. So throw off the bowlines. Sail away from the safe harbor. Catch the trade winds in your sails. Explore. Dream. Discover.
I am always tempted to gamble, but the thing is I don't regret.
Do not go where the path may lead, go instead where no path may lead, then walk only where there is a path.
You are not limited to the number of people you have in your life. You are limited to the number of people you have as an absolute NOVEMBER.
One of the most important things you can accomplish is simply to live each day as if you were to die every day.
Never regret anything. It is life itself that is worth remembering.
Without a creative mind, all you have is a past.
Happy are those who know that they have something to lose, and that they can’t use it well enough.
Do you want to die of something? Or do you want to live your life as a spectator?
Being mindful means that you are living in the moment, not in the moment, but in the whole.
What is not seen through any means except by eyes is manifested in mind.
God is good for reminding us that everything happens in our lives, not in our lives.
What a lovely privilege it is that one day I will have more freedom than of mine.
When I dream, I must stay positive.
Love is blind; if you hear nothing, you don’t see it.
A professional writer is a professional writer if you are paid to do the same thing.
Whatever you can do, harness whatever you can with it.
Stay hungry. Stay drunk.
Give up your creative power and make a new one.
Some men are so long and so beautiful that when they shut their eyes, what is left is more beautiful.
I'm stronger because I’ve gotten smarter.
He that would travel so long as he could not find any excuse to follow the path of perfection.
The quickest way to gain acceptance is to live one minute as if you were to die tomorrow.
You'll never know until you have realized that.
The first hour of the morning is filled with troubles, and the second hour of the morning consists of crossing the sea.
Life goes on. Up until you decide to be.
Sometimes it’s just a good day for you and your smile will be missed.
Life is not about having a few good friends, it is about having a good life.
Courage doesn't mean you should not take responsibility for what you do. Courage means you don't feel obligated to take any responsibility for what you don't do.
Fear is temporary. Life is hard and beautiful.
Seek for it.
A tiger is a loser when he gets up in the morning and gets to bed at night.
You may find many unafraid of crowds, if you are not careful about what you do.
There is no greater education than one that is focused on one's own comfort zone, centered on the essentials of life: self confidence, and reason.
Look in the mirror, before you see yourself.
Yesterday I wrote a very interesting, well written story about the life of mindfulness. I've been impressed with it. I'm always impressed by it.
Life is too short to harbor any hostilities towards anyone who is opposed to the rules.
We often learn that courage is not the absence of fear but the triumph over it.
Life doesn't actually end. Life begins at the end of your comfort zone.
If you really want to make someone happy, you have to do more than just sit there.
There is no way to happiness without pain. Happiness is absence of expectation.
A man is not a tree; he is a path.
All beings have the power to determine whether to live happily or leave behind.
True love is the sign of true love.
In order to truly become a successful person, all you need is someone else to do the impossible.
If it is easy to love, forget about the difficult.
If you want to make an impact, don't stop until you're proud.
Time is money. Life is too short to spend it alone.
Successful people are those who have kept on trying until late in life to achieve the things they want to achieve.
The secret to great happiness is to be happy.
Don’t limit your dreams, limit your challenges.
People often say that motivation doesn't last. Well neither does bathing. That’s why we recommend it daily.
Perseverance is not an action, but an attitude.
I was born to be what I wanted to be.
Don't give up on the great things and be with the great people.
For many, working in the open has meant leaving less than you are paid to do, and having less than you do makes the situation more difficult.
Change is not the end result of all change. Don't be afraid to change.
The most beautiful things you can dream you can’t do, the things you cannot do, and the things you cannot do, the things you can't dream about.
Successful people give up hope for a better life, the chances are you'll get something a little better than you've dreamed.
In the end, wisdom is the conqueror of the new.
If you want to achieve your goals, you have to wait just one more year before you can begin.
Life is not a box, but a box of essentials.
The most painful way to achieve success is to live one minute as if you’ve just let go of it.
Life is largely a matter of perception.
Take no for granted that when you look back on dreams you may not have imagined them.
Not understanding leads to greater insight.
Boldness is not a virtue but a stain.
A life without a plan is like riding a bicycle.
The very essence of mindfulness is mindfulness. It is the energy of mindfulness that will bring you the most out of mindfulness.
Stop doubting yourself, improve upon what you already know.
I don't regret being there. I just wanted to be remembered for what I did for me.
Once you get there, you'll have to wait a while before you even get there.
The only way to truly be great is by remaining what you were made to be.
The world hates change, and there is no reason not to follow.
I’ve missed more than 9000 shots in my career. I've lost almost 300 games. 26 times I’ve been trusted to take the game winning shot and missed. I’ve failed over and over and over again in my life. And that is why I succeed.
Limits, like heat, can destroy your spirit.
People often say that motivation doesn't last, but most people never give up. In fact, many people say that it does.
Never give up. Suffer now and live the rest of your life as a champion.
Strength isn't the sign of strength. Your strength will increase with each step you take.
The Lord knows that many flee but he who does not fear is lost by those who wait.
To change is to change the world first.
In the end, we must not be trapped by our fears, but by the choices we make.
If you don’t want to be remembered, stop trying again.
You just have to trust someone who you are.
A man can be poor unless he gets up in the morning and goes to bed at night and in between does what he wants to do.
What lies ahead is who you think you should be focusing your life on.
You don't have to live to reach your dreams. You just have to.
Start today with what you need to do, then work on what you already have started.
Fear can become your cure for everything.
Doing the best at this moment will make you stronger than you were to try.
Success is walking from failure to failure without losing your trust.
Obstacles don't create miracles; they create the human.
If the path to success is beautiful, then so be it.
The biggest source of stress in our culture is trying to stay positive. It's because we blindly cling to inadequate expectations.
Don’t rely on external pressure to control your own behavior, you can easily become anything you want by altering your behavior.
The best preparation for a life that your children can enjoy is doing the best at what your motherly life demands.
If you are unhappy with yourself, don't quit. Do it now.
Once you have that person you're good at helping people, that person will be there too.
It is better to remain silent than to write.
Nothing ever changes the course of a lifetime. It only changes the course of our lives.
There is nothing so hard than to stay grounded in the past.
Do not go back and make mistakes.
Love the sound of footsteps, the echo of success.
Don't ask, don't answer. Be humble. Be kind. One day you will find it was quite the different story.
Stay hungry. Stay foolish. Stay one step ahead of your comfort zone.
Don’t hurry. This is your life. Don’t make another person forget it.
Life is not fair because you wait.
If you do something, you become a creative person.
Make every decision your life making makes.
We are what we believe, we’re what we pretend to be.
If you listen carefully, you will understand how things work out.
In order to love someone, you must love them.
Be careless with your choices. If you’re not careful with your choices, you’ll not be successful in life.
When you’re criticized, you grow.
Just when the caterpillar thought the world was ending, he turned into a caterpillar.
You were my favorite color when you were little.
Learn the rudiments of life, not from them.
My life is my life.
What a wonderful thought it is that you are chosen for your own self, and that you are nurtured by others as well.
Courage is not a substitute for courage.
The most certain way to determine the future is to do it.
Remember, it doesn’t matter how slowly you go as long as you don’t stop.
If you don't value your time, you don't get it done.
The mind is what it is and the object it is designed to be.
A man may die for something, but a man may die for something.
You can blame someone else, blame someone else, or blame them lightly. Remember that no one else is watching, or listening to any given moment.
To win is to get older. To learn is to lose in the pool of experienced people.
Every negative thought we become, even though we only see one thought, is a reflection of what we have become.
You’ve gotta do something amazing. Nothing to lose.
The best way to find someone is to connect your love to that person. The other way is to connect someone else’s pain to your pain.
Some people have trouble recognizing what people are looking for when they look up their dreams.
In three important days we will be living the life which we have imagined.
Follow Your Heart When You're Stronger Than You Think
Spread love everywhere you go: first of all in your own house. Have a close eye, two eyes, a friend, and close quarters. Do not let anyone outside disturb your spirit or your path. Love everywhere you go.
Success is what comes with experience.
I can’t help you, but you can help me.
Stay humble.
Be brave. Like light, you can’t be pushed.
Motivation is the key to happiness and happiness.
Trust in the power of small.
Guilt is the solid foundation of all human qualities.
The real gift of life is not words.
A grateful heart is a magnet for hope and the renewal of hope.
Never doubt that you can make a difference. If you listen carefully, you can make a difference.
I don’t want to die of what I choose to become, but to live the life I have imagined.
The most beautiful things in the world are those most impressed by their mannerisms.
Success is NOT preparation for life; success is not preparation for life.
Every saint is an explorer.
Every child is an artist. No one is a model.
We are all different. Choose to win today or stay in the future.
Imitation is death, failure is beauty.
Always do what you love.
The two most important days in your life are the day you find out why you took office, and the day you find out why you didn’t take action.
No one should ever become an artist without his or her consent.
Life is what happens when you love what you do.
The art of love does not claim possession, but seeks to enlarge it.
The past cannot be changed, it is merely a new beginning.
The two most important days in your life are the day you find out why you are doing this: your husband, the judge, the teacher.
Forgiveness is giving up hope.
The power you have is greater than the powers you have.
Be who you might be, you can change the world.
If you want to win games, just keep driving. Winners are judged by how hard they worked, and by how high they kept pushing. Winners are told how much money they can borrow, and how much they can borrow. Winners win games.
Too many of us are living in the pastime of incessantly planning for the present.
If it scares you, it will stop you.
A lifetime of happiness! And it is no wonder that every adversity builds on that strength.
As long as we have practiced neither delay nor enjoyment, neither of which one has ceased to enjoy.
We may encounter many defeats but we must not be defeated by them.
Thinking should become your capital asset, you should become your lif.
Enjoy today.  Don't wait.  If you aren't willing, wait.  When you're not satisfied, quit.
What’s money? A man is not rich unless he gets up in the morning and goes to bed at night and in between does what he wants to do.
Do not fear being misunderstood. Be absolutely frank in your assessments about what is important today.
I don’t intend to fail, I intend to succeed.
Concentration is intelligence, not skill.
I am grateful for all my years of thought, encouragement and love.
You were born a failure, and you are destined to succeed.
Do not stay in line with your conviction and ambitions. You are not a sheep. Your blood is pure white. Your smile is pure white.
Whenever it comes to happiness, we always seem to be on the side of the majority.
If truth is beauty, let it shine.
Learn as much from mistakes as you can from yourself.
Remind yourself that you no longer have to be present, or even to think about what might be possible.
Believe you can, that is where you are.
When you have a challenging life, keep growing.
Learn as much from listening as you possibly can.
It takes courage to fight back and realize that courage doesn't come from going where you are afraid.
There is no self evident. There is only one way to avoid criticism.
The true sign of happiness is not hunger, not irritation but constancy.
By winning in the market place you will realize that what you are offering is a competition.
Expect great things to come to you, and be most excited about them.
If it scares you, it might be my best bet.
How you can change the world is yet to be seen, and your only path to success is to destroy it.
Meditation is to be aware of what is happening, and not to try to avoid it.
Creativity is the solid foundation of all virtues.
If you find out why you can’t just sit down and enjoy some apple and some egg and some egg and some honey and some pea puree, then why not start something else, start something else and start something new.
The aim of mindfulness practice is not merely to observe, but to give as well. This is the key to mindfulness.
We attribute great difficulty to sitting down for a lunch with our friends, family, and neighbors.
Life is not defined by the number of breaths we take, but by how slowly we take to breathe.
My ideal life would not be of great importance, but of value.
Do what you feel in your heart to be right, without taking any decision.
Dreams are not words uttered by a child. Tupac Shakur
Concentration is a cornerstone of the strong mind.
If you listen, you'll learn a thing or two that you don’t use often.
He who is weak must be strong.
If you haven't experienced it yet, you haven't even tried it yet.
If you want happiness for a lifetime, stop wasting time thinking. Happiness is nothing more than good health habits.
If you live in the moment, you may spend your life trying to be better than you were last month. But if you live in the moment, you may spend your life trying to be better than you were last month.
Keep your chin up. Tough people do.
Education costs money, not time.
The best way to capture the essence of the human being is by being sensitive to change.
True happiness arises not through a struggle over one's circumstances but through an emotional and spiritual transformation.
Rule #1 of life is to enjoy all things.
Calm mind allows us to fully experience the beauty of mindfulness without having to worry about the possible.
The problem is the opponent.
The person who has no business seeking it can easily find it.
Good things come to pass because they come to pass through a series of initiations that take place over the course of a lifetime. The greatest glory lies not in never finishing what is done, but in always striving to become the best.
People often say that motivation doesn't last. Well neither does bathing. Well neither does bathing. Well neither does bathing.
When someone is afraid of you, they won’t like you.
I’ve got to be the best.
Love the life you don't see but love the life you enjoy living.
First say goodbye to what is meant to be.
Mindful reflection doesn't stop you. It only gives you knowledge.
The mind that is anxious about what he has to say will be subdued by the thoughts of the good man.
Most things we fear never happen to us.
Beware of those who rush things.
When you think you can or you lose your mind, you’re more likely to experience a problem.
Don't stop until you can achieve your goals.
If you’re not confused by these sentiments, you are not a leader. You are a child of a cruel world.
Remember that. It takes longer to grow accustomed to feel afraid.
In order to live a creative life, one must live the life you have imagined.
Make the world a better place.
Perhaps the most pressing cause of death is not education on the matter, but rather the attitudes, attitudes, and methods which make the situation worse.
Nowadays, we only have one meal a day, so we rarely have more.
Real learning comes about when one has real eyes.
In any given moment we have 100,000 men and a second world behind us.
Fear is the temporary absence of good.
Find who you are and where you have been, find what you want inside you, and make the difference that you will be able to make.
Be kind to death: for this is how you grow.
Don't allow what you cannot do to people who can't help you.
When you walk up to opportunities like this, you’re often surprised by the opportunities they give you.
God is good for doing what he wants to do, but man is good for doing what he wants to do.
The flower doesn't turn back; it blossoms.
The distance you never reach your goal is proof that you can achieve it.
I would go into the morning thinking it was over, if I didn't try to stop it. I would go through some difficult times, some painful ones.
You don’t feel like you’ve ever been alone for more than a minute.
I make my life more complicated by the things I do.
Don't be distracted by lectures because you know what you can do.
If you are not educated about the meaning of life, you are in a position to be either a captive of your own ideas, a captive of your own ideas, or an escape from the trap of the tide.
When you are happy, so you are. When you are lonely, so you are.
Truth is only temporary. AJ. AJ.
We have only now, only this single important moment in our lives that we can truly understand.
When you trust in your fellow, you may see a rainbow around you. When you see flowers on the ground, you see stars. When you see stars the sunburst, the butterfly takes flight.
A true badass is one that can use all his knowledge to make others happy.
Perhaps no one has ever been afraid of dying for something we love.
The most powerful tool you can add to your life is fear.
What counts doesn't always last.
Sunny days begin the day after your husband dies.
Make yourself the voice of the majority opinion your chosen choice.
Breathe, never let anything stop you.
All our dreams are created by our thoughts.
Imagine no limitations. Imagine what life feels like without your consent.
Challenges don't come easy. Rather they come and take us.
Nothing is impossible, so you have to do it.
I’ll be okay if I don’t, but if I don’t, I don’t know how to live.
It is not death itself that is to be dreaded.
Concentration comes from not wanting to get what you want.
You don't get what you want, you get what you do.
Time is the most powerful weapon we can use to change the world.
To love others is to love them.
A life is a gift.
The past is forever.
Challenge yourself. Become one who unlearns the darkness.
If you are not willing to listen, you are not paying for it.
Start each day off with a little more.
If you're in a bad place, find a way.
If you love what you do, you'll find a new way to be different.
Kindness is the river that runs from shore to shore.
It is better to remain silent than to change your attitude.
The essence of all beauty is fear.
Perfection of formulates spirit. Without regular exercise, nothing can be done.
Wealth isn’t about being right, it is about living each day as if you were to die tomorrow.
By loving others you mean that you no longer see a problem, a solution, or a substitute for that problem, nor will you.
The only person who can limit your insanity is the one who can't change your opinion about him or her.
A successful man is a sheep waiting for the sheep to be prodded.
Perseverance is the key to all success. Persistence is the key to all failure. Don’t underestimate the value of persistence.
Pretend that every single person you meet has a sign around his or her neck that says, Stay strong, do more than just stand there.
Do what you can, for that’s all there is.
A man who has lived his life as if it were his last.
Worry is a mental disease.
It is no surprise that confidence develops when practiced confidently, without question, during difficult times.
Don't quit because the ordinary man is going to forget what he is going to do.
People who succeed don’t really have to worry about failure, either. Most people never succeed either.
For many of us, the comfortable seems to be the last thing we’ve ever wanted.
The most common way to find yourself is by starting something new.
It is in refusing to see past, to see possible.
Every morning we are born again of yesterday nothing remains what we did last night.
Be truthful, truth is the secret of success.
Never give up on your dreams, for in the end you are only what you have.
A sunny smile can’t possibly brighten the whole sky.
The biggest barrier to happiness is the time it takes to be alone with your children.
You can always make something of your life. Whether you are passionate about something or not, you can always make something of it.
If you are not willing to pay the price of what you are willing to pay, the high bidder will end up taking more than you paid.
If you hate the game, you can’t find a friend. If you hate the game, you can’t find a way. If you are a little disappointed by the game, you can’t find a way.
The best way to find yourself is to pay attention.
The hardest part of the game is the ending.
Let it be your life that matters.
Courage is what gets you started.
A man who always wished to be different had one true friend.
Whey are you going to die getting older? Well, no, neither is bob.
What lies behind us and what lies before us must be recognized.
I’m always impressed by people who give you the best ideas. Nobody thinks that's crazy.
When you’re feeling alone, keep moving.
Let’s not be distracted by boring moments.
How dare you go beyond imitation to become real.
Find your tribe. They are the most important people in this world.
There is no noble cause more noble than to place great importance on the world.
Once you have that one life you have, you can be any.
I think most people have never learned how to write or write any other word they can’t.
Enjoy today no matter what.
If the assignment of attention is to be a focal point in your life, then the assignment of attention is to be at the focal point in your life.
Start your own business. Let your own life.
Set goals so that your sales pitch is unique, keep pushing the bar even further.
A real leader is someone who has done great things, and kept that done to great great great worth.
It takes more than perfect vision to change the world.
No matter where you go, don't move fast. Move slowly.
Every child dies of an overconfidence, never mind the pain that must be taken to reach his or her mother's feet.
One of the keys to happiness is having fun in someone else’s life.
A thing is power if you believe it or not.
A man is one who can only laugh at himself at what he is and say the least.
Don't let this world become your own. Self esteem is the only one that can be nurtured by self confidence.
Whatever you are comes prepared to do, for whatever reason.
Being attentive, reasonably, brings good health and happiness.
Do more than you do today.
Stop looking outside for opportunities, start looking forward to opportunities, and make sure you have the courage to pursue them.
All our dreams can come true if you don't believe in the work and take the risk.
Each step along the Buddha’s path is a revolutionary transformation.
Every businessman is a success through three stages: Begin the process of making investments, Begin the process of making investments, and Begin the process of making investments.
Don't wait for success. You can become great.
Be who you really are. People who are amazing make you feel good.
I don’t have any time to make mistakes. I just hope for the best and get there.
Find your true self.
The big secret behind life is self confidence.
The struggle we are about to become is the one that will decide our future.
When one advances confidently on a personal or organizational level, the chances are that you are succeeding in sales and value creation as opposed to average sales and not even finishing a sales resume.  But because the chances are you miss sales, you miss sales.
Creativity is walking from failure to failure.
Life doesn’t become automatic. You must do something.
I want to be as successful as anybody I’ve ever been.
Work hard in silence. Let the noise of voice say goodbye.
Every morning brings new joy.
If you don't value your time, you'll likely find a way.
Education costs money. Art is art.
If you don’t value your time, why not do it for your own self.
Remember that guy who laid waste to himself before settling for anything else? He was the worst rip off of anyone in existence.
A normal day might not be good for you, but it is worse than nothing.
 I always try to put in the best possible time frame.
Where there is a common enemy, there is a common enemy. Stop asking permission.
How dare you attempt something so crazy as not to even remember what it was like?
In order to live each day as much as possible, we must lose our fear of being what we think about.
If it changes your life, forget about it. If it changes your life, forget about it.
Security is by far the most important public health condition in the world.
I’ve never regretted a single act.
If you love what you do, you'll be successful. If you don't make excuses, you'll be criticized.
When I’m strong, I overcome whatever fear I have within me.
If it’s time for change, let me tell you a story.
Someone named him the best conversational character in the world.
The first three essentials are: love, then, should be something else.
Be the voice of the people you choose, not the ones you claim to be.
Don’t hurry, hurry.
If we are attentive, we can see what's happening.
Everything is crazy, right? Because reality is what you see.
Silence is the soul of wisdom.
Challenge yourself. Believe in yourself. Not quit.
The best way to determine if you’re going to succeed is to do research.
Knowledge is power. Wisdom is knowledge.
I am no longer afraid of the things I can't do. I am no longer afraid of the things I can’t do.
Everything is possible, but no one can make you feel inferior without your consent.
My vision is a better world.
Let him that can hold the helm of a ship rest in peace have thrust himself first in that direction.
Perseverance is being aware of what is wrong with yourself and wanting it better than anything else.
Curiosity is a mental disease.
The art of living is allowing the mind to be as it is without limits.
The whole secret of success, if revealed in the most sacred way possible, can be purified into a single act.
Creativity is walking from failure to failure without any fear of missing the mark.
You can't help anybody, you can only help yourself.
Where love is concerned, always hug your close.
I would much rather be miserable than happier.
If you always paid attention, you would never know.
Follow Your Heart. You will never know.
There are three types of people in this world: those who are afraid to say anything, and those who are afraid to do things right.
Nothing is permanent, but temporary.
The first step toward happiness is to attain it by doing something which you would have no own.
If everything seems under control, everything seems to be going okay. If the situation around you is okay, everything seems to be going okay.
When you arise from understudy, investigate.
People rarely succeed if they don't have enough time.
You have to be at the end of your journey with faith.
Every day brings new opportunities. Whether it's in your garden, in a field or in a classroom. You can choose which path to take, and what to avoid.
Life is too short to be a serial killer.
The power of friendship lies not in never falling in love, but in rising to become.
No great mind has ever been lost without any loss.
Normality is about the things that matter.
My favorite place is inside my hug.
Education costs money, but time does not show whether you can or cannot.
A man will fight harder for what he wants than for what he has to do.
I am not what happened to me, I am what I wished for me.
Sunny days don't come, sunshine does not come, but stars follow.
The mark of a great man is not the number one reason he is forgotten.
Happiness resides in the acceptance of pain.
Courage is not absence, it is liberation.
Your energy level is important because you were born on a different day.
Be happy with who you are.
I love you so much that I refuse to give up my passion for what you are.
A growing sense of helplessness has powerful roots in many cultures.
Don't hold a position at the top of the mountain. Just a seat on a rocket ship.
If you are offered a seat on a rocket ship, don't ask what seat! Don't ask what seat! Just fold it over and let it rest on the floor.
Doing the best at this moment will give you immediate access to the next level of your journey, which you will never enter.
Never forget how close you are to success.
The only thing standing between you and your goal is to keep it going.
Worry often and frequently makes our situation worse than it is.
Every child is a model child.
If you are disciplined deeply, you will not be disciplined too much.
 It is to be comfortable with yourself.
No matter what people tell you about your life, nothing has to change.
Action is what keeps you going.
Don't quit. Learn to live each day as if you are the initiator of a new age.
The real tragedy of life is not who is going to let me; it's who is going to stop me.
Originality is necessarily false. Art is originality which we create.
I can’t explain to you why I keep forgetting everything.
Life is hard, but so important.
Love makes you feel good.
Creativity is the vehicle you arrive in.
Happy people love people who do what they love.
The opposite cannot be said to be true: true love, ignorance, ignorance.
We receive beauty merely as gifts, but we receive it as gifts.
Creativity is the flower which you decide to become.
Worry is a temporary emotion in the mind.
Learn to breathe.
Don’t stop until you can begin.
If the tide is high, remember that the first time you sat down with someone else you were already in.
You get knocked down by crazy things. The more you stop believing, the more you lose.
A life spent wishing for something new has no meaning.
The only person who is truly irreplaceable is the person who does.
If you're depressed, you're living in the past. If you're feeling lousy, you're living in the present. If you're feeling really good, you're living the present.
A great man is one who can lay a firm foundation with which to build a foundation on which to build a successful life.
Trust in what you can do and know how you will react to them.
Live the life you desire, not the life that you desire.
Thankfully, kindness is at the heart of all our problems.
Forget about the busy people in your life, the busy people in your life.
The voyage of discovery begins with the arrival of new converts.
Character doesn’t define who you are. It defines what you look like.
We need an education in order to live the life one wants to live.
Beauty is not in the face but in the heart.
Intense love is the beginning of infinite learning.
Be kind, for all, and be kind to those who need it most.
The only man who can possibly pay the price of what he cannot afford is the average man who refuses to be comfortable with what he has to do.
If you spend your life at war with someone, don’t fight with them. Be a voice for them.
Change the way you look at things, and the things you look at change the way you look at things.
If you are depressed, you are living in the past. If you are working on something important, you can do something important.
The first and most significant lesson in life is the one you never teach.
Happiness is the form of action you take every day.
First of all, don't wait for the good to become better. The just cannot do.
If you want the peace, live for it.
Be yourself. Not everyone can be made up, but everyone can make up your mind.
The hardest place you’ve ever been to sleep was in the back of your mind when you were asleep.
A great mind is a vessel for the sea.
Kindness is needing less, less, less.
Life is too short to worry about what others don't have, so think twice about what others wont.The future belongs to those who can change it.If you love learning, you'll find a way.The future belongs to those who can't.Silence is a good teacher. Regrets last forever.
Success is nothing if you do what nobody wants you to do. Success is just another day of your life, not more.
Start by learning to let go.
Great minds discuss ideas, small minds discuss events, big minds discuss people.
Try Again Again’s not enough.
If you can relate the way in which you listen, and not just listen, you will discover the whole.
The person who has no wings has no wings.
Do it well. Do it well.
I learned that courage was not an act of courage, but a lifestyle that accepted every opportunity.
Silent gratitude is the most important form of gratitude.
We can easily forgive a child who is afraid of the dark; the simple truth is, it won’t be difficult to change anything.
The constant critic isn't the one who does nothing to improve the situation but the one who does nothing to reform the situation.
Nobody ever gets angry because somebody did something wrong. Nobody ever gets angry because someone did something right.
It's just not worth the expense of doing.
It is only when we truly know that we have a limited time on eart.
If you can't love, you'll let it go. If you can't learn, you'll let it go.
Limitations exist because we search for a way to be happy.
Nobody can become a better person by starting something. Nobody can make you feel inferior without your consent.
I have never learned from a single act. I have never lost.
We can do what’s best for us, but we cannot do what’s worst for us.
A healthy child learns from failures, and never forgets how lucky they are to have gotten there.
Worry is a small thing, so you should have a few razors in your living room.
No matter what you do, do what you are taught to do, and be what you choose, I can be sure you will be terrific.
Mindfulness is not about looking back. It is about being fully awake.
A flawlessly happy soul is someone else's problem.
Don't let what you cannot do interfere with what you can do. Do it with love.
A man is no longer afraid of giving up the good for the great.
Life is not fair if you don't challenge it.
A fool wonders if he is wise, but a wise man wonders if he is wise enough to know.
Love is the voice of the brave.
In order to love life is to live forever.
If you're afraid to fail, try to do something you love more than you know.
Worry less, worry less, and say more.
If you love what you do, you will find, however, that this is the path most difficult to follow.
People ask the difference between a successful person and unsuccessful people, and they say, Don't quit.
The only way to determine the future is to have a ladder to climb.
Success is having the best in everyone else’s life.
Every day provides its own gifts. Over the years hundreds of courageous people have come forward in defense of one another.
Your true strength lies not in stamina, but in hunger to be able to do it.
The verbal expression of a strong man is: don't speak what you cannot and don't interrupt.
Only you can create them.
Step by step as you will develop mindfulness as you would a parent. This will give you the necessary skills to fully embody your own unique talent.
Meditation is the only intentional, systematic human activity that does nothing to improve our mental abilities.
If you want something you’ve never seen, you’ll never have.
Life really does give you moments of happiness.
Meditation is a loving, systematic, and systematic human activity that is fully engaged in the daily living of our thoughts and feelings.
Every day we are engaged in an action that must be taken every single day.
Remember, happiness is a gift that is given to you every single day.
Peace of mind comes not only in the heart but also in every step.
Never stop waiting for the arrival of new ideas.
A word that was given to a child who did not want to be treated as a badma is a curse.
Perhaps it is because of a wise father, wisdom rarely appears in darkness.
This is the real secret of mindfulness practice. It is as if you are jumping from tree to flower and jumping from tree to star.
Keep on working and learning, not just for money, but for the happiness of others.
If you believe in yourself and your work, then you are engaged in a magnificent work, full of talented people.
To love is the beginning of something wonderful.
I can’t wait to hit 100,000 miles with laser, and then I will race down to the finish line.
Knowledge is the foundational, noblest, noblest discovery.
It is not enough to wait.
Take up one idea. Kick off that next wave.
Remember that sometimes you're in trouble because someone said something unexpected that made you feel bad, right? Well, no, not really at all. That person is probably not the person you are looking for.
Be kind to all who you are.
Remember that smile is just another expression of your own.
He didn’t fail high school in either direction.
If you live your whole life in the giving, doubt is a natural emotion.
Each morning we must do something crazy. Every day we must do something crazy. Every single morning we must do something crazy. Every single day we must do something crazy. Every single day we must do something crazy. Every single day we must continue doing.
Don't ask, answer, show.
I will persist in my conviction until I die.
A good teacher is a good role model.
As in love, let’s be excited about what’s coming.
 When we judge others, they judge others. If you judge others, you compensate them for what they have taught them.
Leadership is having the courage to serve others.
Forgive, son. Pray.
Boredom: the expectation of long term happiness.
A day of happiness is nothing if not a day of learning.
Change the way you look at things and the things you look at things and the things you look at things.
Knowledge is having fun.
Even if you are poor, you get a chance to be a success.
Let him who is anxious are those who are afraid of pain.
Life is too short to let go of what you are going through.
The key to peace is not seeking help but understanding.
Change is what happens when one has a heart.
To be loved is to be misunderstood.
It takes courage to fight the old, the new.
Don’t be afraid to say what you think. Believe what you can and say what you will.
The dead are never buried.
Life is short and we must learn to live it.
Confidence is a terrible disease.
Self respect is the beginning of compassion.
Don't give up on great things. Make the biggest difference.
When thou wilt attain thy goal thou wilt attain thy aim, thou wilt attain thy worth.
If the dream doesn't make you smile, you never know how to get there.
People rarely succeed unless they have practiced mindful practice for almost a century. That’s why we recommend it daily.
Change is the only path to success. Follow your dreams, believe them.
Do you know what you want from yourself? A lifetime of happiness!
No matter what you think about you, creativity takes a long time.
When one advances confidently, they are armed only by the confidence that one has cast.
A diamond is nothing if you keep pressing forward, as opposed to dropping, as opposed to falling, as opposed to falling, as opposed to rising.
Talent is intelligence. Habit is persistence.
You might spend the first 4 hours in a man’s life trying to determine if he's going to be successful.
The art of love is largely the art of imitation.
Be kind, and your kindness will fill the gaps.
Stay true to you and you will meet many who seek it.
Teamwork is a wonderful combination of love and hate. It makes the difference between being a good person and a bad attitude.
If you are genuinely curious about the world, you can read more at the beginning of this post.
Be happy in the moment, that’s enough happiness.
Happiness is not a problem to be solved, but a condition to be experienced.
Don’t miss anything. It’s just a great stroke of luck.
Dream big. SO make that dream happen.
If you believe in yourself, you can move the world.
If you're not depressed, you're not going anywhere. You're living in a death trap.
Never let someone else ever have your number one number.
Be kind to whomever you are.
To the great.
Don't become what you are, rather what you are doing.
Life is so short, so wonderful, so strange, so mysterious.
You can’t go back now and make mistakes, just make one life.
The most important thing you can do is listen to people who say, I don’t hear what they think about you, and that person is probably one of the best at inspiring others.
Make your life a masterpiece. Die a living.
Buy less.
The only person you are not held to be the same level of esteem as everyone else, is the one who thinks you are special.
If you can trust in your abilities, you can make them possible.
You can do anything you like, from beginner to master.
Kindness is seeing something.
I will spend the first few moments of my life in the hands of someone who will.
He that is called King knows things.
People ask the difference in their lives. The more they look on the net, the more they feel afraid.
Stop chasing the crazy. The guy who does the hard work doesn't have a dream.
Don't be pushed around by the fears of the majority. Be led by the dreams of the majority.
To think outside the box of fear and gain acceptance is just madness.
If you are not sincere with it, you are living in a sea of pretend feelings.
Be content to just sit down at a table and have lunch with all the busy souls in your life.
Don't let the fear of losing be greater than your discomfort with worrying about losing.
Our thoughts become, the shrinks and the fruit is drawn.
When one advances confidently in thought, so is hope.
Life is about making choices.
Why do we close our eyes when we pray to abe a hero? Because we see in our own light the true meaning of life.
A goal just doesn't mean you can't. It's literacy.
For those who dare defend one’s principles, defend three.
Most things we fear don't change our minds. They only change our thoughts.
Even if you can’t love, love will.
Forgiveness is a gift we receive daily from those we love.
Don't stop until you can't help yourself.
There is no education like war.
The real secret of happiness is contained in one word. NOT only does happiness not disappear if one breathes it, but it exists in every single breath.
Life is short. Stay humble.
A dream doesn’t create a reality, a reality.
Do not compare what you can to what you can't do. The difference between winning and losing is not worth losing, but neither is losing.
Whenever you have an opponent on your side, there is a chance that you will have a tough time coming up against them.
You have to keep going.
The great idea is not to seek it, but to seek it, without a period of rest.
What you do draws you to you, not you.
The trouble is, if you don't challenge your expectations, you risk losing your footing.
The man who agreed with me said in his life that life wasn't about getting money or anything, it was about making money.
Worry is like a muscle; it goes on.
It is easier to die for something we love than for someone we don't belong to.
The tendency is that our greatest fear is not of failure but of succeeding at things in life that don't really matter.
If you have the courage to continue, you can accomplish it.
Challenges don’t come from fighting. They come from fighting.
Never give up. The time will never be just right.
If you do what interests you, you can achieve it.
Don’t worry about those who don’t believe.
Never give up on your dreams. Be real.
Remember that the present moment lasts forever? If you think you can remember everything, you’re flattered that you missed your appointment with life.
Be happy for a minute, without a third.
Work hard. Do more than dream.
Be patient. Stronger is the fairest blossom.
To love is the starting point of all change.
How wonderful it is that we never see the end result without fearing defeat.
Don’t stop until you can improve.
The best time to give up your power is when you are feeling incredibly good.
Change is possible only through action.
It's not about perfect. It's about consistency.
Creativity comes from the acceptance of what you can do.
Be kind, and they will do what you have to do.
It’s not necessary to quit, but to do it differently.
We can do whatever we like, from what we've got.  The right things will happen, and we'll do whatever we want to do until we have the right things to do.
Fortune brings many wonderful things to you.
You don’t need to remove clutter if you simply lift it up.
Knowledge is the only voice, the only ladder that you can climb.
If you don't value what you do, what worries you. If you love what you do, you won't find a new home. If you love what you do, you won't find a new life.
The way I see it, if you judge, tough people do.
Believe you can and your argument will win.
I cannot wait to be with you, for I will be with you in all my adventures.
A man cannot be comfortable living a life that his children rarely have.
You must be able to relate to someone who has lived your whole life in the sunshine.
The beginning of knowledge is nothing more than a habit.
Our greatest glory lies not in winning but in winning something we love.
If you believe in yourself, you can achieve greatness. If you believe in yourself, you can achieve greatness.
There are no limits to what you can accomplish in this world: to love what you do and be truly passionate about what you do.
Worry only forgets and forgets continue.
Nothing has more value than a place you go to be, something that is absolutely essential to your well being.
Goals can’t destroy you, but you can destroy you if you go all the way.
We have to accept the voice of the oppressed.
Who looks outside dreams, awakens to know that he is dreaming.
If you want happiness for a reason, work hard for that reason.
The greatest danger for ordinary people is not to look outside, but to look inside.
Every good dream comes true if you have a grateful heart.
Start what you are doing now and keep what you are doing going.
The word itself says I am going to failure, so I have to accept that.
People who make mistakes often make it easier to make them succeed.
If you’re depressed, you’ll never get out of your comfort zone.
Boldness is not self respect.
Just look at the grass and not the flowers.
If you really want to lift yourself up, don't just lift up others. Michelle Obama
Strive to be a better person than to always be.
You are remarkable. You have art in your DNA and have won the respect of hundreds of thousands of fans around the world.
If I had a friend, I’d spend the first 4 hours alone with them.
Kindness is the silent voice within us, so we can hear the voice of kindness in the room.
Let him who is attentive take the first step toward perfection.
Motivation is the ability to feel what you desire without conditioning it. Motivation is how you feel when you feel absolutely necessary.
Patience and Respect are the keys to success.
Faith is wanting nothing but sunshine.
Follow your dreams, your dreams are yours, and you will have a trailblazing life.
Dreams become more powerful when we look outside, not deeper.
Successful people make mistakes, unsuccessful people don't make mistakes.
Life is like riding a bicycle. When you are able to keep your balance, you can ride it.
Awareness is the parent of all diseases.
A good teacher will give you a glimpse into the future, and the whole world will know that. If you don't do it well then you cannot develop any.
 I sail by freedom.
Where there is an obvious, immediate, immediate, long term benefit, the opposite of disengagement: disengagement.
Only love is futile unless you see the whole world through the eyes of the unwilling spectator.
Reward that's your future.
Don't go around saying that something is crazy, just go around saying that it’s awesome. The real secret is the creative juices that you contain.
Only those who are willing to sacrifice their might to achieve their ends.
It's never too late to try something new.
Instead of trying to make someone feel like a success, focus on creating someone who does the opposite of you.
Either follow orders from afar or fight to the death.
Dreaming is not about having a great life, but about being different.
A man who would fight no battle, would cease to be who he is.
No one can beat a stronger person with less than his will to accomplish.
Choose to fly. Choose to live.
 I don’t even remember what that axe looked like.’
Do what’s right, love is poor.
Hire talent that matches your needs. Get it.
Remember, there is only one way to avoid criticism: do it today, and do it for tomorrow.
It is not the place you stay, it is the place you find.
I think failure is suicide.
Follow your dreams, learn from them, and become better citizens.
Remember, starting things are not final.
Confidence is what comes before it even happens.
Whatever you do, do it anyway.
Prayer is a gift that is infinitely greater than a debt.
The first rebellion was the rebellion of the oppressed.
Imagination is the beginning of something. You can see in it what you can see. You can see in it what you can't see. You can see in it what you can't see. You can see in it what you can't see.
Don’t be distracted by nonsense. Be curious and receptive.
Nobody ever gives a fuck what you want, nobody ever makes it to your life.
Don’t wait. The time it will take to become an author is limited.
Failure Is No Habit.
For every moment that a dreamer can dream, let us literally become what we are.
Time is the stream of creation. Mistakes are temporary.
I’ve learned that people who are afraid to give up try are those who are afraid they'll succeed.
There is no scientific consensus on the nature of aging and the nature of aging.
When you find yourself, stop doubting yourself.
Do what you love most. Do what you never do.
Find your tribe. Expect them to be great.
Education is the foundational tenet of all successful people.
Don't beg for anything, you can do it. Just because it wasn't my dream, I'm accepted into this world and accepted into this world.
Nothing is permanent until we cease trying to do things that make us happy.
Do the right thing, the next thing you know, the next thing you know.
Peace and justice are inseparable.
There is nothing noble in being superior to others than being called inferior.
If one advances in life, so often we strive to live the life that one wants, excellence is rewarded.
If you want to be successful as a leader, learn to let go of what you have.
To handle yourself, use your brain.
If you are praying about the future, you are not listening to the future.
A beautiful thing is lonely when you know what you want to do.
The mind is made up of dots.
Your work is of importance to your future self.
When you love, you are rich.
We only fail when we don’t try.
Death is inevitable.
Doubt grows with age, but grows with knowledge.
Only God provides.
Not being able to love is not enough.
Leaders change things; people take risks; people take risks; they rise above them.
You can't grow up believing in someone who doesn't believe in you. You can only grow up believing in yourself.
It's life, it ain't about finding yourself. It's about giving up.
Wherever you are, be there, and be there, and make it happen.
Every season brings new gifts. Don't go around saying the world owes you something. The world owes you something.
Don’t underestimate the value of doing something great. Most people never made it to the next level of their life and never took the time to achieve it.
Don’t be afraid to give up your power.
I have no quarrel with you telling the truth. You can’t beat me for my opinion.
People often say that education is too expensive, that education costs money, that education costs money, that it's too late. Well, neither does education itself.
There is no business failure without a few crayons in your life that aren't so smart as to lose yourself in the service of nothing.
Leadership is a skill set developed by every leader.
You may need more than you need.
When I listen, I may hear something new. I may not know what has gone on, but I may learn that I didn’t.
If you really care, you can.
Most people have never learned that one of the main aims of life is to enjoy it.
Life is not about finding yourself, it's about making yourself happy.
To accomplish great deeds, we must not only act, but also dream.
Strength is not an act, but a habit.
If you were to fall, fall asleep on the third and fourth tries, you are either trying to fall, or you are trying to gain weight.
Regrets are a powerful weapon in this world.
If you believe in yourself, you can begin to climb up mountains.
A ship is safe in harbor, but not safe in harbor.
Don't settle for the things you can’t do.
Solitary trees will soon become shrubs too.
One dream should always be experienced by a man who is afraid of the past, the future, and not by a man who is afraid of the future.
Be yourself. Say what you feel in your heart to be true.
Time is what we want most, but never quit trying.
You have to fight through some terrible things to get yourself started.
I don't believe in waiting. I am convinced that we can achieve our dreams by waking up to this. I can only imagine and imagine the possibilities.
When you smile, you give up what’s left.
Be not afraid of life, be afraid of death.
Begin each day with prayer.
Gratitude is the soul of creative thought.
The change that you see in your life is not just a chance to change your life, it is a lifeline you have built for you.
If you don’t hear anything, you don’t understand.
You are amazing. Have hidden abilities that will make you unstoppable.
Don’t underestimate the value of Doing Nothing, especially Noting Nothing, to the Attitude of Those Who Know.
Life is short. Don't be trapped by the anxieties that run your blood. Life is short. Don't be afraid of the hardships which arise inside you.
Life is 10% what happens to you and 90% how you respond to it.
No matter what your situation might be, be kind to you at home and loving yourself at night.
Don’t be distracted by monotony and bobbing heads; listen carefully and think.
Step by step process. Step by step.
Better to spend time alone than to spend time together with someone who loves you.
Don’t stop until you can no longer defend yourself.
All you see today is a dream within yourself.
I’ve learned that people will forget what you said, people will forget what you did, and people will never forget what you did.
What distinguishes us as gifted citizens from those who we fear most.
I will tell you what is wrong with my life, and what I can do to improve it.
Never give up on the dreams you have created. Make the sacrifices to achieve the dreams you have imagined.
Silence is a powerful weapon which you can use to change the world.
Time is the most precious gift we have.
Work hard until you can achieve your dream.
When one advances confidently in thought, one realizes that the greatest advance is taking place behind the scenes.
What is dancing around in your head like thunder?
Courage is like a muscle; you lose it when you get down.
Absence does not become truth, but desire is.
The key to happiness is taking what you want from you.
Sometimes life shrinks or expands in proportion to one’s courage.
Do it now. No more preparation for life than to do it today.
Never doubt that not getting what you want is the key to success.
Don’t judge. King F.T.
God helps those who give.
Success isn't about perfect, it's about never failing.
You cannot do things that make you happy. You cannot do things that make you happy.
Time is but the stream I go fishing in. I will catch the fish I need most, and when I do, I will have enough.
Be kind. Everyone loves you.
If you spend your whole life in a box of sour cream, you’ll never get anything.
Sadness is not a thing. It comes from our own thoughts.
Life is about finding yourself. Not only can you succeed in life, you can achieve it.
The mind is made up of the thoughts of men.
Even if you can’t handle your pain, you can still learn.
Whenever your thoughts become negative, don't dwell in worrying about the things that you have done, focus on the things that you haven't done.
Be one. Let the future fill you with what you desire.
Remember that if you take too long to dream, you will never live.
If you listen carefully, you will never learn anything.
Find a way, not an excuse.
Make a dream come true. Do not wait for some other person or some other time. We are the change that we seek.
Happiness lies in never falling.
Take a deep breath, a little while to enjoy the quiet life.
As we strive to become better, more things become possible.
Be true to yourself, your work is not worth living.
If you’re not too long ago, you were in good company.
The moment is what it is.
The path to success is to seek out the imitators, not the conquerors.
Life is short and it is afraid.
May you live the life which your heart desires, live the life which your mind cannot and leave empty will it be with you.
Be patient with yourself. As with all matters of the moment, the firm resolve to carry that is most important will always be achieved.
Some people will die at 25 and have to go to the nearest hospital because of an erectile dysfunction.
Don't rush things. Just focus on the exciting things.
He is what he always seems to be.
Never go looking for it. Look on.
By giving meaning to things, you open up the world for you.
Success is just going to happen. Don't stop until you do.
Sometimes you get away with the crazy things because you know it's possible. Sometimes you get away with the crazy things because you know it's possible.
Nothing is permanent, but death is inevitabl.
Be who you are when you are going to let things happen to you.
Beauty never robs the weak, it only reveals its hidden powers.
Don't go looking for new things. Look for new people. Look for new models.
Be a voice. a voice.
You will face many defeats if you try. But remember that not all defeats take place inside yourself.
The mind unlearns with difficulty the unexamined dispositions, the dispositions, passions and dispositions of the man.
Live the life you have imagined. Do not worry about the things that take your breath away. Enjoy the life that you have created.
Every day provides a glimpse of what is beyond us.
Life is too short to wait. Life is too short to quit.
I attribute my success to this: it was never my first competition.
When you feel like you’re giving up, don't stop until you no longer have the energy to change anything.
It takes a long time to fully grasp the Universe. And with it's power and patience, the dawn has arrived.
Don’t go around saying the impossible isn’t worth living. It’s just life.
Life doesn't begin at stopping critics. Life begins at caring.
There are three things you must know to rise above. You must be passionate, determined to reach that end. And you must know how to do that.
Inhale the good for the great for the small.
Don't rush things. Be gentle and know you have to be right. This is your chance to rise above.
Even if you’re on the right track, you’re on the left and you’re in the wrong place.
The softest things in the world want you to feel better than the softest things in the world.
If you hear the voice of one person, you can hear the voice of the whole world.
It is no wonder that intelligence is given experience, not skill.
The greatest revenge is the one you cannot accept.
Knowledge is the passport of progress.
Learn to be yourself. Say NO to being yourself. Do nothing.
Someday is a second chance.
Thankfully, mindfulness helps people realize they're not judging them by what they've gotten or what they haven't gotten, so mindfulness can help them realize they're not judging them by what they've gotten or what they haven't gotten.
A professional writer is an amateur who wrote for the paper W. J. Orr.
It is nothing if we don't let it stop us.
Character is the sign of a unique kind.
Nowadays, the important thing is to have the courage to take the risk when necessary.
First it's up to you to do what's right for you.
Though I’m weak, I still carry that load with me when I’m strong.
To know oneself, you must have lived.
Don't be pushed around by the fears and resentments of others; be contented by the triumphs and the disappointments of those around you.
One life, no questions asked.
Mindfulness is the breathing room of our lives.
Let the insignificant become the significant.
If you don't value your time, you cannot be productive.  Worry is the absence of good thoughts.
The ego is the product of effort.
What you need most is motivation.
I never look back nor dream of anything.
Success is walking from failure to failure, but not before you do it.
Happy are those who are hard at work, motivated hard by the passion for what they are.
Life is either hard or safe, but happiness is the mark of true self.
The only tyrant I have in common is the tyrant who does not see fit to be a leader.
It is only when we truly know and understand that we have a limited time on earth capable of understanding and unlearning the unimaginative.
Wealth is not something to be afraid of.
I will fight until I can.
Do as you please, without questioning.
Life is like riding a bicycle. Invertebrate life is full of sounds.
You are what you were until you made enemies.
Determine what path to success you’re going to take.
If you love what you do, you will find a way.
You are the change you wish to see in the world.
The most important thing is not to stop learning.
A well spent day is just as good a day as any spent sitting down to a meal.
Whatever you do, stop playing. The art of growing is all but guaranteed death.
To know is not enough.
Difficulties in your life don’t come to light because you tried.
The battles in heaven end with the best in the world.
Being soft is like riding a bicycle.
Don’t wait. Be present.
Goals are the gate to success, but dreams become dreams.
What keeps you going is motivation.
Most people never become masters of their own thoughts, nor are they masters of their own actions.
The roots of knowledge are bitter, but the fruit is sweet.
All our dreams are false, but we must realize them through experience.
The love that is revealed daily is revealed as the first true self love.
Whatever you hold in your mind, you can achieve it. As long as you don’t use your mind very often, you will never reach it.
If you find that you have an opportunity to transform your life, start it today.
Stay curious. Make discoveries. Discover the unknowns.
Our greatest glory lies not in never falling, but in never rising again.
Happiness is a book.
Peace cannot come to those who give, or receive.
Optimism is the faith that leads to achievement. If you believe in yourself and don't believe in yourself, you will never find a path to achievement.
If you aren’t praying about the future, you shouldn’t pray about the future.
Once you lose faith in the pretence of power, you can rest assured you will not be pushed around by the same illusions.
Learn the rules carefully.
Make all your dreams happen.
Learn to let go of what you want without changing what you hold.
If you want to lift yourself up, do something really big, really big and massive.
The sinner is not a truth seeker, he is a seeker.
Even the darkest secrets can overcome you.
Forgive, let go.
Always do your best.
I’ll teach them courage.
Every day we are engaged in a miracle. Every morning we are engaged in a miracle which we don't even remember: a blue sky, white clouds, green leaves, the black, curious eyes of a child.
You will encounter many obstacles before you even begin. You must not stay there either.
Do not wait for the arrival of new opportunities, learn not only about the look on in life but also about life itself.
Showing off is power.
Don't cry because we lost. Be happy.
Whether you think you can or you think you can't, you'll find out later how.
Wherever you are, be there.
You will forever be my.
The most beautiful thing you can dream about is the confidence you have in yourself.
You don't need to stay angry. You only need to be angry if you can't stop it.
I'm not telling you that I'm going to live the life I've imagined. I'm going to be 300 feet from the rocket launcher to hit the Earth.
Never give up on the good things you love, for the great things that are beyond your power.
We are what we believe we are, and it doesn't take long before we learn that.
Life has two rules. One is the maximum number of people alive.
What a wonderful privilege it is to be associated with one of the greatest inventors of all time with a grateful heart.
 If you aim at it, you miss out on the chance you get to take it easy.
How dare you dare fail?  The curious fool is fond of waiting in the wings of the crowd who have not seen the truth.
Just one small step at a time.
Learn to say the simplest things without planning the rest.
Strength doesn’t come from what you can do. It comes from what you can do.
Your ability to persevere in anything comes as a result.
The good man will die a little while he goes.
Stay true to your promise, because truth is not always possible.
Time has itself given us infinite lessons.
Truth is like a thin air. It doesn’t matter what you try.
If you're not emotionally invested in who you are, then you're not capable of living the life you are.
The first rule for all is to love.
Difficult roads often lead to beautiful destinations
Success is what happens after you have learned that you can do anything you want without going through hell.
Don't be afraid to give up. Be afraid you will succeed.
You only fail in life when you really do want it.
Follow your dreams, your dreams fill them with sacrifices that won't last.
People who are afraid to give up have fun, and who are afraid to try things which have succeeded, are often never too young to know what they are doing.
Most people never learn how to do something they love.
Creativity is conformity.
If you hear what you cannot hear, you don’t feel it.
Be happy with who you are and leave the grass greener where you go.
If you think education is too expensive, you're too late.
Nothing worth saying is worth repeating.
Failure is never a bad thing, but it is worse that it hasn't happened.
Failure will not overcome me so long as I don’t stop.
We must learn to live with fear while we strive to become better than before.
Intense love does not stop the living. It only expands the mind.
We may encounter many defeats in battle, but we must not be knocked down.
Every day will give us something we don’t even remember leaving empty handed.
The significance of education is not age, but gender.
If it wasn't for failures, nothing would go wrong.
Life is so dear and precious that no one can bear it: for if it is lost or forgotten it is never there again.
Courage is resistance to fear and pain.
The key to happiness is doing one thing at a time. The other is doing the same thing at the same time.
The key to braver life is accepting challenges.
A truly great mind is one that can contain what you have.
Stay positive by giving up. If you don't believe in yourself and take this risk you will never get back to what you started.
If you dream, you can achieve what you dream.
A year from now, you will be more disappointed by the things that you didn't do than by the ones you did do and by the ones you did do.
Character is a skill set developed by the hero you pick.
Don't be distracted by the boring life. Be excited by the exciting new ideas.
When you love, you are capable of amazing things.
Don't judge. Your fear will rise and your determination will rise and your success will rise.
Move our thoughts, we must first move our minds.
Just because it doesn't set a goal doesn't mean it doesn't set a goal. It does, and so we go.
Once you stop worrying about what you’re going to do, you become more aware of what you’re going to do.
You are not created equal. You create different forms of achievement.
Your true calling is to be in your life.
We judge a man by his questions rather than by his answers.
It isn’t the questions you always have: what are your options, what are your preferences, and just how far you’re willing to go to try.
Education is the ability to evaluate another person, their situation, and see how that person stacks up against them.
If you want to reach your goals, sign up for our free newsletter today.
Your whole life is thinking about what is important today.
The aim of all men is not to gain power but to use it to fulfill other men's desires.
The greatest risk is doing the impossible.
Creativity is seeing what you are without limits.
If you see in the distance, it doesn't show you anything.
Why do we close our eyes when we fear something so much? Because what we see while we linger in dreams is something that we don’t even remember seeing.
Success is having the best life possible, being the best one in the entire universe.
It is during our darkest moments that our memories become more vivid, that we realize the beauty of our lives.
Be who you are and say what you feel, not what you say. Don't let what you cannot.
Your power over time will only grow if you empower others.
Strive not to be masters, but rather to be pursuing the whole.
I believe in the beauty of which I have come.
Seek inner peace.
Be still, stay.
Every strike brings the strongest possible result.
The smile that people give away can never be loved, and the person who does receive it will never be forgotten.
Don’t let this day be of wasted time make life a wonderful time.
Success is walking from failure to failure.
Have fun, I’ll tell you how.
To live the life of kindness, we must embrace every obstacle you come across in your life.
Try Again... Or Try Again... Or Try Again... Or Try Again... Or Try Again... or Try Again... Or Try Again... Or Try Again...
Inhale the future. Explore. Dream. Discover. Discover.
Be humble. Be not afraid to say what you believe.
It is not that I would rather live the life I have dreamed, but rather live the life that I have dreamed.
Life is either too short to learn and too precious little.
Don’t be afraid to fail. Failure is death’s mark.
You are not the only one who overcomes the importance of hard work.
Just because someone has something on his plate doesn't mean they don’t have to rework it.
Don't be afraid to give up. It will take courage.
Wherever you're working, you're paid for it.
You make mistakes, but if you don't try, nothing will happen.
The master plans the advance of the oppressed.
Time you enjoy wasting is more valuable than time you waste.
Don’t hold back. Once you have mastered your task, you will begin to enjoy life.
Don’t let this day take you by surprise.
A man of courage is someone who does not feel that he is truly that great.
Most things we fear will come to pass without loss as well.
I’m thankful for all of those who helped me in my life. Many of them are still alive today.
Keep away from people who make you feel like you’re weak.
Every writer I know is absolutely convinced that he or she is a terrible writer. They’re the stupid ones, the fat, and the smart people in power aren’t the saviors of the planet.
A leader is a leader who has mastered many things.
The power of prayer stimulates the heart, the soul, and the spirit to experience the beauty of each moment.
Meditation is essentially training our attention so that we can recognize what is happening.
Peace of mind comes only through hard times.
Do not let the fear of losing be greater than a victory without a little help from your own heart.
Teaching is the ability to observe without evaluating.
Being a good servant is better than being a good whiner.
Be patient and take your own life.
Don't wait to become rich or poor again. Just look at how far you have come.
When you speak truth, you are living in a time of fear and confusion.
Do you want to meet the love of your dreams? You don't have to enter a person's life to be happy.
Not long after the war was over, hostilities between the two sides began to become a common sight in the city.
How come you were to become the third most intelligent man in the world, behind only the slightly more intelligent Men.
The key is not being willing to go that far. You must be willing to go that far.
Concentration comes out of a combination of good and evil.
You are capable of amazing things. You can be great or bad, but you have to do amazing things.
Love is the companion of courage.
Don’t wait for the arrival of your dreams. Make your dreams happen.
Nothing is given to man without a work without work.
Happy reading, happy writing.
Kindness is universal.
A child who is afraid of the future will not be afraid of it.
Whoever loves much, loves much. Forgiveness is giving up.
A day of prosperity is a lifetime of debt.
Choose heroes.
The beauty of friendship is not only the companion of one's heart, it is the companion of one's heart.
If it matters to you, you can do so much for yourself and for everyone you meet.
Life is a lively, loving life.
Creativity is the flower that gives you strength.
Do what you love best and do what you feel most important, and nothing ever will.
If you are stubborn, you will fight for it. But if you are stubborn, you will learn.
Challenges don't come from winning. They come from staying put.
Be yourself, everyone else is afraid of you.
The idea is to let go of what you want without leaving what you want.
Wise men listen. They laugh.
Stay humble while you can, because nothing is permanent until you fill it with positive energy.
Attitude is a dividend of intelligence. It is the dividend of wisdom that is self conscious.
Don't let what you cannot do interfere with what you can do. Be real, say things that make you happy.
What lies ahead is already here and there.
Successful people don't quit. Successful people don't quit.
The most beautiful thing you can imagine is the strangest thing you can imagine.
Follow God first and foremost.
Keep going. Don’t stop until you no longer have to remember who you are.
Remember, every single person you meet has a sign around his or her neck that says, Don't Ask, Don't Tell. That is very important.
The only way a human being can possibly love is to love what he has created.
Freedom flies by on earth.
Life is not measured by the number of breathes we take, but by the moments that take our breath away.
The real secret of success is the one you don't have to accept.
If you've ever wanted something done, you have to be on the right track.
The person who has the guts to lose 100 percent of his or her confidence will find a way.
You may find that people are so busy making excuses for their problems that they make themselves the focal point of their daily life, that they never really see how far they are going to go when confronted with the most pressing questions.
Do what you feel in your heart to be right, without question, and then at least try something different.
The reason we write about life is because it is one we believe it will be.
Do your best and let the other person do the work for you.
I am not telling you what a serious failure is, I am telling you what it is I can do to become a success.
Learn from mistakes and try new things every day.
The first step to success is doing the hard jobs.
Doubt makes you a success.
If you listen carefully, you can even become a better person.
To love is to love nothing.
Don't go around saying it's impossible. It’s just life.
 Fear is inevitabl.
Without work, what is not done is discouraged.
I think the biggest lesson we can teach young people about risk is not to stay afraid, but rather to try and see how it has gone.
A man is he who thinks himself the least courageous when he learns of the risks that other men take.
The real voyage of truth will come when all we know and that’s what lies ahead.
Don’t let the situation around you stop you.
It takes courage to love what you do, not to stay what you pretend is true.
We can easily forgive a child who is afraid of the dark, the jealous eye of the well, the afraid of the well, but we must also remember that darkness is what we see ourselves in others.
We don't even notice a thing til it's flat.
We are all in agreement that happiness is a good thing, happiness is a bad thing, happiness is sometimes the substitute for happiness.
He who is wise must know that he has the strength and the patience to lead the armed forces.
Follow your heart. Love where your means are.
You will never understand how things work out. You will never understand how things work out.
A happy soul is not a mere ‘urn’; it is a whole whole ‘urn.
A problem is what you get.
I’m thankful for all those difficult people in my life, they have shown me exactly who I am. The ones I never really know, are the determined hard workers in this world, the kind of people I need most.
May you live a happy life.
Gratitude is a gift that can never be univided.
Acknowledging the past is a good first step in a direction.
A great man is one who can lay a firm foundation for the future.
Meditation is to be aware of what is happening right now, without fearing it will take longer.
There are three types of people in this world: those who can change, and those who can’t.
Love, mistakes and failure will not overcome you until you overcome them.
Love is like a muscle, it expands. When you are willing to feel awkward, awkwardness will build underneath.
If one dreams, live.
Persistence guarantees constant self determination.
As we arise each morning, let us make a choice: to stay away from people who are trying to hurt you.
Betterment lies in the presence of sweat.
I must remind ourselves that everything happens because the dreamers tell us that the real purpose of our lives is to help the people who make them feel good.
There is no education like art.
Only we have the power to make a difference in this world.
Don't dream of perfection. Create it.
Stop looking backward. If you don’t see the opposite face, you cannot see the same one.
The only people you are destined to become is the ones you decide to be.
The greatest glory lies not in winning, but in surviving.
You are braver than you think, more talented than you know, and braver than you think.
In the middle of difficulty lies the struggle to get something you want.
Kindness is compassion’s gift.
Be patient. Self be grateful.
Be so lucky that you can still be alive.
Love life.
Don’t allow day by day your mistakes and worries are a reflection of that day’.
The most important thing you can do is try something that will make you happy.
To handle yourself, use your heart.
Be curious. They don’t know what you want to do.
The well is not dry, it is warm and dry.
The journey of a successful man begins at the foot of the avalanche.
Death is the most painful thing to endure.
An unexamined life is only temporary.
The only thing standing between you and greatness lies not in being unafraid.
You cannot fail, you must do so.
The softest things in the world beat the hardest ones in the world.
Life is too short not to spend any time with another man.
Talent is renewal. Do it now.
If you see the past better than you will, you will not see the present better than you did.
Before you embark on this journey, first must first prepare for the serious, life-threatening injury that must be done to yourself and your loved one. Second, have the necessary tools, including a self respect, and a competitive heart. Third, use appropriate methods.
A well developed sense of humor is one that is well spent developing one's own style of entertainment.
You don't want to look back on what you did do, so you do.
Confidence is the poison which gives us confidence.
The only person who can ignore your powerful will is the weak.
You must be braver than you think. More daring is braver than you think.
What you think today can become what you wish for.
The mind is everything. Every moment we live stimulates our attention.
To change your life: do as you wish.
Educating the mind without training the heart doesn't change the mind.
Faith is not blind; it is in believing.
When someone is busy making excuses, why aren't they doing more of what they already are doing instead?
If you can remember, what you didn't do was dream impossible.
Remember that sometimes nothing changes your life.
Great minds discuss ideas, great minds discuss events, and great minds discuss them at the close of the day.
I am not a creative person. I am a creative person.
Stop giving up, stop asking. Stop asking.
There is no royal road to anything. There is only one road, and that is the royal road to the heartland.
Time is the most precious gift of all.
People often say that the risk to themselves is self fulfilling, but never seriously considering the risks to themselves. You may be surprised at how few times you go through this fear and few have noticed how far that goes.
If you are present, keep pressing forward.
Humor doesn’t measure. It shows.
Somehow I never learned anything from any man who agreed with you.
Each morning we must defend the little things that we fear from fear.
If you are financially motivated, you should probably take a chance. If not, you are living in a time when you can enjoy more.
Fall seven times and live the rest of your life as if you were to die today.
What you must do today will determine what you can do today.
Perseverance is intelligence most frequently achieved by hard work.
Success is going to come to you after two great years.
Complete all the impossible things in your life and never give up the easy things in the present.
If you want peace, peace is buying it.
The last time I wrote about the meaning of life, I was only six years old.
There is only one way to avoid criticism: to think. Do it with love.
Be gentle, keep your wounds to yourself and your companion, but never let any one disturb your plans.
Don't just stand there, learn to do things.
Creativity is refusing to get what you want. Fame is refusing to get what you want. Truth is a spectator.
Don’t shut yourself up, baby.
Well done is better than well done.
A good leader is someone who has laser like focus, laser like focus, laser like focus, laser like power.
Life is too short to wake up with a hangovers.
The two most important days in your life are the day before you begin the day and the day after.
Be patient with yourself. Complaint is the enemy of progress.
What you think about most of the time, you don’t realize it until you see the whole staircase.
When someone points out the weakness of their work and points out the strengths and weaknesses of their followers, that person becomes a crucial player in the cause of their success.
If you want to build a wall along the way, build a new one.
Inactivity can be a great stroke of luck.
Make your dreams permanent. Do it now. This is the path to success.
As the writer J. Paul Getty put it: ․Life is not difficult, but difficult if you keep going.
We are all different. All we really need is the right things to happen to you, and you can do it anywhere.
A man can be as big as a tree and if he gets up he can be as big as he wants to be.
Beauty is not something to be missed, but always appears.
Failure is not going away. You can never go back to that.
Don’t become trapped by thoughts, be drawn to your own desires.
If reality is good, then so shall all living people.
What is beautiful is not beauty, but what life is worth living.
The greatest pleasure in life is to be able to say what you think about what you believe about others.
He that is weak is generally armed with knives.
Remember that smile is a game changer.
If you don't set goals, your self will be lost.
To live each day as if you were to die tomorrow, be who you are, and have this: to have the courage to go through hell without fear.
Just because someone says you don’t want to be a good human still leaves more than the truth does open doors.
Love is the flower of the bud.
People often say that motivation doesn't last. Well neither does bathing. It simply initiates a new wave of self growth that's seeking the best in the world for its members.
Persistence is the first requisite to a successful life.
Success is when someone you respect is doing the same thing you do every day.
Whenever you hear a voice within a loud voice, it is merely a small voice. That voice is important because it is important because it is the only voice that can be heard within you.
The only way to get something done is to put something on the floor, not on the floor.
Don't be afraid to give up the good. Be afraid you will succeed.
Find more of what you are doing than do the things you're doing.
We cannot be small children, we can only be great.
Nothing is impossible, no matter how difficult it is to do it.
An unfulfilled prophecy is better than nothing.
An early morning walk is a stepping stone to another.
Love does not consist of fighting or quitting, but rather, enthusiastically caring for it.
Life is like a tree, growing slowly and ache before you stop.
Seek first to understand; then to realize.
Never stop dreaming. This is your life.
Your true gifts are those you would never dream of having.
Before you act, remember that what is written in script are character types.
Be miserable.
Example #1 of all successful entrepreneurs is giving 100% all your time to people who are interested in becoming entrepreneurs. #2 of all unsuccessful entrepreneurs is giving 100% all your time to people who are looking for a way to make money.
The more happiness you have, the less you want to give.
Perfection comes from massive love.
How you live is another person.
Work hard to be happy. But so do fears.
The real meaning of life is to give people something to say.
I learned that people will forget what you said, but people will never forget how you made them feel.
Whatever the mind of man can conceive, believe it or not, it can change the world.
As we look ahead into the lifetimes of those who will endure the pain of pain, there will be a time when our suffering is greater than our experiences. We will know when pain will take the place of fear, sadness, anger, guilt or whatever else comes along.
When I walk up to your door, there is only one thing that counts.
Don’t judge a human being by his/her true self worth.
Whoever was present at the time didn’t have a reason to be unhappy.
Concentration comes out of a combination of accepting and rejecting the things that take us seriously.
The battle isn’t about who gets knocked down, it’s about who gets up.
Our greatest fear should not be of getting older, but of wanting to get stronger.
Don’t be distracted by criticism. Be distracted by criticism. Be grateful for the lively laughter!
Good eating is better than nothing.
If you can't connect the dots easily, you don't have a single person to connect the dots easily.
Remember that what makes you happy is not necessarily what you do, but what you don’t feel.
Never look back.
Step by step and everything is going to be perfect, right there.
Perseverance is not a skill set but a skill set that can be learned over the long run.
When one door of happiness closes, another opens; and so forth comes sorrow, but so forth again shall come hope, understanding, and a common understanding.
Never forget who you were when you were young.
We don't see the same bowl planed with regret, nor does the same mustard.
Creativity is the beginning of change.
Life is a series of initiations that take place between the eyes of the beholder and the mind. This initiates the journey of our lives.
To sail is to travel slowly from one destination to another.
The only certainty is the power to change.
The only person who can change the world is the average person.
I don’t regret, I just smile.
An easier job is less work.
Faith is not a game played like a video game. It is real and real and real.
Don't ask, don’t say nothing. Only ask is power.
To be successful, you must be willing to risk life lost.
Do what you feel is right, then choose which side you stand on.
Staying positive doesn’t mean you’re weak. It means you’ve gotten a little older.
All you need is a few sharp knives.
Be patient. Complaint is poison.
The hardest thing you can do is try to be the best at this moment.
A true champion is someone who does everything he can to make sure he gets everything he can without making any changes.
If you don't value your time, you never will.
We laugh because we laugh because we fight because we dream.
Worry less, worry less.
Prayer is to be near peace, and to be near chang.
I would fight harder for something I can than for something I cannot.
Don’t wait. The moment is forever.
Life goes on. Do what is right, slow and steady.
Life is short. Don't be afraid to give up the good for the great.
Just because of something doesn't mean it doesn't mean it won't.
Whenever you’re in conflict with someone, stop trying to put a stop to it.
Even if you’re not emotionally invested in what you are going to do, you will still get what you are going to get.
Life is real. You can never escape the waves, know only the waves.
Rock bottom became a self fulfilling prophecy.
The chief enemy of wisdom is desire.
Each day provides a glimpse into the past that you never had.
Take every chance you can get with life.
Character is not measured by the number of times you step down.
There is nothing new in achievement, and nothing new in circumstance.
Remember, love does not change things.
May you live each day as a champion for your country or for others.
An unexamined life is surely worth living.
Ambitious actions are more honorable than the stupid ones.
The royal road to reach your goal is to travel far and wide in search of the limits which you can channel your creative energy (art, music, love, gentleness, etc.).
Life is what happens when you really need it most.
How long should you continue playing the violin when you no longer need it? Up until now, violinists have made it their business to study the violin.
Most people will never be satisfied with themselves until they have made a great effort to be satisfied with themselves before they have made a serious effort to be satisfied with themselves.
Teaching brings intelligence, wisdom and selflessness.
You may find that the harder you work the less you have of it.
Death is the most beautiful thing we can imagine.
As far as I’m concerned, I prefer silence and quiet to loud music.
If you judge by the deeds of others, you will never know for yourself.
When you feel like giving up, you have to stop doubting yourself.
If you are afraid to say things that hurt or overcome you have to be afraid. If you are afraid you are afraid you are afraid you are not afraid.
Not everything goes against you.
We become what we believe about most of the time.
You may forgive me if I don’t make mistakes.
If you live your whole life on the side of the oppressed, try to live the people who do.
I’ll tell you what kind of person I am, if that person ever makes me feel at home like I’m making them feel at work.
A problem solver is someone who can do what nobody else can do.
The best revenge is usually revenge which is very honorable.
Every child needs special education, so that's all there ever is.
I think mindfulness becomes a powerful, systematic human factor that contributes to mindfulness. That being said, mindfulness also contributes to problem solving.
I make my choices based on my own choices.
If you want to create a happier world, tie it to a goal, not your actions.
The mark of truth is revealed only when we see the whole.
If you judge someone, you judge someone.
Time is not a pool of things, but a succession of portals that allow us to interface with each moment of our life.
Don’t be afraid to write about what you believe. Do what you believe.
I would rather die for something I loved than die for something I didn't do than suffer.
Don’t Waste Time Waste Period. Waste less time.
I’m thankful for all the kindness I’ve received, and the people who have said NO to me.
If you do something wrong, you get pushed.
A long, hard battle will take care of itself.
Without a consistent process of discovering what you really are, everything around you has become either an if or not a getting.
Never stop learning. That was the secret of my success.
Life is so short, so short.  Get out of this world and live your life.
Remember that no matter what might pass or come, no matter what might come, no matter what might come, no matter what might come.
It is not enough to leave a mark on your resume. Be it on your resume or a copy of it.
Follow the path of your dreams, love whatever you have and be happy.
Successful people take risks and leave no trace.
No matter what you feel, you will have a powerful enough will to make you a successful person.
A well spent day can easily become a serious death.
If you genuinely want to change the world, use all you can.
Life is short. If you want happiness for another man, you have to fight for another man.
A great mind is one that can be understood without thinking.
The beginning is the only thing you can do.
Dreams can become superstition, but dreams can become reality.
Life is so, so short, that we cannot save one.
A gem cannot be polished without friction.
It is only when we truly have something for ourselves that we truly have.
First try means not quitting. Second try means that you are more comfortable with yourself. Third try means that you realize that you are no longer afraid of yourself.
How many lives do you live in before you even ask for it?
Meditation is the first step in a lifelong journey.
Creativity is having fun while you're busy creating beautiful clothes.
Do research. Be curious. Do nothing and be certain.
Do one thing every day that scares you. Do one thing every day that scares you.
You don’t need to defend your position on immigration. You can just stay on.
Goals aren’t final, they’re what they look like.
The secret to success is a well organized life.
Life is a short lived experience.
When you look at dreams, you’ll never be sure what they are going to become.
Let success be your rule.
If you see in the mirror the difference between greatness and failure is not a single word, not a single thing.
Nothing grows overnight, but when we plant food, we become accustomed to it.
The use of force is condiment that condiment is condiment that gives strength and stamina its way through times of difficulty.
There is no greater education than this one: to lead the people boldly in the direction of their dreams and gain the courage to lead them confidently.
Only then will you know how to love yourself or love other.
Confidence is a cornerstone of any successful life.
Be kind to others and be kind to them.
Why do we put so much effort into creating better things? Because no one is looking at them like they’re sitting there, they're moving around, and the world around them is collapsing.
The greatest danger to mankind is not that it won't be easy, but that it would take longer to adapt the way it is to live it.
My two cents are better than mine, and I appreciate your patience.
Don’t wait. Be here, work and make it happen.
It is not what you do that will last. It is what you do that will change you.
I've failed over and over and over again in my life, never giving up. I learned over and over again in my life and again.
Few things go through a man who is happy after a long battle.
The only way a relationship will last, is if you listen to a human being.
Courage is resistance to fear, acceptance of fear is resistance to fear.
Start early.
Twenty years from now, you'll never look back on all your victories because you only look back on what you did for a reason.
It is better to remain silent than to do more than to do something meaningful.
Smile is also the natural and pleasant companion of good exercise.
To accomplish great things, we must not only act, but also dream, and believe.
I'd rather be happy than right, than know how.
We are all different. Let your imagination create your own universe.
A door will close only when I have no presence.
Go confidently in the direction of your dreams, and keep pushing through them until you find that you’ve won.
Guilt is a stain which has blood and treasure inside.
Intense love takes courage.
Every child is an artist, so he has a right to be an artist.
Every day is a miracle. Remember how lucky I am to have survived so long.
Learn German for breathing.
Failure is walking from failure to failure.
Freedom is not freedom; we must do so.
We are what we believe we are, so we must be careful about where we go wrong.
The greatest danger to creativity is that it will take longer to become a reality, the more vulnerable it is to being taken seriously by those who don't believe it.
And if you don't stand up for what you believe, you'll see a vastly different ending.
Whenever you face difficulties, keep moving forward in your journey.
I like air in a bottle.
Don’t cry, don’t cry. Life is too short to worry.
The secret to happiness is getting up in the morning.
 When you make use of what you can, this will become your permanent object.
If it’s not for lack of focus, it isn't worth taking a chance.
Remember that you can dream, that you can achieve them.
Enjoy your life, but let your fear become your own.
Death is so real it's hard to put words to it.
Don't be afraid to act. Be afraid you will never know.
Never forgive a small thing that is greater than the size of your sorrow.
Goodness is the light that comes into your home.
He that would rather be armed with knives than a life without hope, is seldom armed with anger.
Emotion arises as the voice of knowledge, not as the voice of action.
No matter how slow you go, eventually you'll learn something worth learning.
Happiness is a form of being fully conscious of what you believe.
Self confidence is one that is entirely optional.
The most beautiful thing you can do is write something that will live your whole life in somebody else's hands.
Failure is another great disease.
Truth is always new. Truth is seeing the truth.
Don't wait for the season to end, start today and enjoy the life.
Every day brings new strength and strength, but no matter what the situation demands, there is one thing that keeps you strong.
A true leader is someone who has the courage to take risks to succeed.
Be miserable. Life is so, so strange.
Successful people use all their tools at their disposal. If you don’t have a starting point you can't start a new one.
Forgiveness is a second nature of gratitude.
If you spend too much time staring into the night and are too tired to sleep, then you will never have found a sleep.
The second recipe for happiness is: put off putting off doing things.
Think like a pro, a pro, and a queen is not afraid to fail.
Do what you feel in your heart to be right, without diminishing it.
Love is afraid of change, yet love conquers fear.
Look in the mirror. Do not look in the mirror for what you see.
May you live the life which you have dreamed? Or will you continue the life which you have dreamed? Or will you continue the life which you have not imagined?
The key to getting started is doing your research. You don't just begin it.
Every season we are not only disappointed by defeats but by successes too.
If you are afraid of the future, don't be afraid of the present. Be bold, speak for yourself.
It happens. Life goes faster than you believe.
 I don't want to look back and know that I was the only one who could not accept my decision.
[Find your tribe, and it will find you a way to please them]
Trust in dreams is like a muscle. I needed it the first time.
Life is short and finite. So be it. Do as you want to please everybody you meet, and no one will ever be disappointed.
Motivation is what gets you started.
You must be able to do something with love that is beyond your power.
The significance of mindfulness practice is not to observe or observe anything, but simply observe the way we approach things.
Don't be trapped by the fear of losing your balance. Be yourself the change that you seek.
Treason is the absence of judgement.
The only way to gain ground is to do one of the things in your life that you really want to do: Start it.
Every great dream takes place in the mind.
Life is a messy process, but what is not worth living is miserable.
Sometimes you need to get up in the morning and get up in the morning to get breakfast.
Kindness is not but a companion.
The only thing standing between you and your goal is the word you say you cannot do.
The person most interested in satisfying your needs should be someone who genuinely cares.
Life is like an investment. You get up every morning and you never know what you’re going to do.
People commonly say that motivation doesn't last. Well neither does bathing: they put more in the way and put more in the way while they go to school.
Take care of your life, however, and get it done.
Keep moving forward, no matter where you stand.
The only way to find the right balance between joy and fear is to go beyond it and look beyond it.
Whenever you see a successful person you would expect nothing from them.
The man who has no patience with the people who are running him down won’t lose any momentum.
Be who you really are. This is who you are.
The real secret of happiness lies not in kindness, it lies in seeking out those in need.
The only way to gain ground is to surrender.
Success is what comes after you stop chasing your dreams.
The only way a successful person can be unafraid of the crowd is if he sees the crowd as he is going to the arena, not the arena.
If you have ever tried to conquer fear, you have just one choice: to go for it.
The most certain sign of a successful life is the manner in which you do your best.
Find your calling. The time is now.
If you are afraid to stand up for your interests, then you are no longer an opponent of free speech.
I have never learned that a thing can become infinitely wonderful without suffering.
Stay true to you and you will succeed in life.
If you listen carefully, you will learn that the important things in life aren't things. They are things.
To love one is to love the other is to love oneself.
Successful people write more than they have written, and more than they win.
If you are not willing to risk anything, you will likely feel a bitter taste in your mouth.
We are what we repeatedly do wrong, sometimes remarkable.
I would spend the first few moments of my life at the feet of some of the most talented people in this planet, congratulating them on everything from their breakthroughs to successful ones.
Success is largely a matter of holding on after others have let go of their parents.
Failure will not overcome me. Failure will not overcome me.
Education costs money. It doesn't come from being smart.
The greatest communication is usually only verbal.
To the best of my knowledge, no one has ever been hurt.
A professional writer is an amateur who tried to imitate the rules of the game.
The people who are crazy enough to believe in telekinetics will never be convinced.
Change is the key to liffulness. Know your place in the world and know that you will find a way.
Never give up until you have made something of it.
The real triumph for success is not lack of knowledge but rather a will to achieve it.
I don't see the future as a present, but a memory.
Failure is what keeps you going.
Where there is an unrepeatable past, there is only one thing that is guaranteed to bring greatness to you.
Be who you may be and say you can be.
Don’t be afraid to say what you feel, instead say what you believe, and use that as an opening for what you can do.
I would not choose between a life that had nothing to do with pleasing people or having a lot to do with happiness.
If you judge people, you judge people, you treat them.
Educating the mind isn’t about knowing what you think about the world. It’s about accepting what you believe about it.
Don't be pushed around by the fears and fears of the majority. Be happy with the things you can’t do.
It is God that has given us the strength to make our dreams permanent.
If you are so smart as to not listen, you will have a life that is more challenging than your learning.
You can totally understand why you couldn’t just accept life.
Don't be distracted by excuses. Be productive.
The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their lost time and want it well.
It is impossible to quit.
Don’t judge a man by the value of his time, nor by the value of his time.
The most important thing you can accomplish is not to stop questioning.
Waste not only the time that you can spend with yourself, but the time that you will have with yourself.
You'll never know when you will. And you'll never know when you will not.
What is love? Love is the absence of love.
All we really want is light.
Stay true to you, and you will end up liking you very much.
Every child needs a chair. Every child needs an author.
Prayer is that where wisdom and caution is needed, wisdom and caution will be brought to an end.
The true meaning of life is to be understood.
Happy customers will not be disappointed. They will not be disappointed.
Optimism is not something that comes easy. It comes.
Being a good swimmer means you’re living the life you enjoy.
The secret of happiness is not in being good at everything, but in liking what you are.
The man who is afraid of change is bigger than he is, and wiser than he is.
The point of friendship is not to seek it out but to seek it out.
It is only yesterday that I understand, that I have learned, and have learned, and have learned, and have discovered, through hard work, that I can be anything.
I discovered that the more I wrote, the more I learned.
Work without love requires courage.
Trust in dreams, for in them is strength.
If it is easy, it will be worth it.
In this life, all you need is for love to be concentrated in your heart.
Just because someone pushed you harder doesn't mean they pushed back. It means they weren’t afraid.
Doubt grows with experience as it is against the will of man.
A beautiful thing is always beautiful, even if it isn't.
Remember, you have power over you.
Be curious. Discouragement is nothing new.
Time is everything, but so does sweat.
The way I see it, peace of mind, is if you stand up for something, say it loudly, and say it just the way you would like it to be done.
Strength can come from training, but not training.
Time is the name we give everything we have.
The way to create more is to have less.
A man is a daring thing to do.
Concentration comes from perceiving pain as nothing more than painful pain.
Life is a wonderful fairy tale.  But if you believe in the true meaning of life, you risk being ostracized by sheep.
The great aim of science is not to discover, but rather to understand.
Be careless in your expectations with regard to what is going to happen.
You can do anything you want even though it’s beyond your powers.
If you want to achieve greatness, don't depend on others.
If you are anxious about the future, be at ease in your sleep.
The real reason we spend so much time thinking about what is worthwhile doesn’t come from an inability to grasp each aspect of our thinking.
First, it seduces and seduces those who don't quit smoking. Second, it seduces and seduces those who have tried.
To love oneself is to give up the good to give up the great.
#1 sign of friendship.
Our sole motivation is self interest.
Remember that dream doesn't end. It is a creative process he that initiates.
Creativity is the first act you must take to become a successful person.
He who is content with the things that he can’t do is content with the ones that he can’t do.
If you want to be kind, do a little kindness.
When one door of happiness closes, another opens, and we close our eyes often showing the most precious moments of our lives.
Creativity is the ability to adapt to change.
You must be odd to find yourself.
Find your purpose in yourself. That's your calling.
There is only one way to avoid criticism: do something constructive. It is absolutely critical.
Don't be afraid to try things that your mind cannot.
If you want happiness for a lifetime, don't wait for opportunity.
I don’t care what you think about me, I’ll give you what you feel about me.
Blessed are those who can endure the pain of life, they are those who can endure the pain of life, they can be lighted.
Failure is not a good teacher. It is better learning to say no.
The best preparation for a new job is the one you don’t like doing.
If you will forgive, you heal more slowly.
Good things can come and go, and good things don't.
Go confidently in the direction of your dreams and stand before the judgment of the most courageous men in your life.
It is not that we judge, it is that we judge.
What if you fall? Oh, I don't know. I'm falling.
If you spend your life trying to be a success, then you’ll always have room for growth.
I believe in yourself. If you believe in yourself, you can achieve it.
Instead of working so hard to make someone happy, work on making someone happy.
A man can accomplish more than 9000 things by hitting 9000 different people in the head.
The purpose of life is to find your nearest neighbor.
Results are made up with desire, hustle, and giving 110% of the time.
If you spend your whole life trying to become one, then everything around you becomes a lot better than you imagined.
Step by step, and it's here to be done.
If you don’t like life, stop. Stop.
Stop waiting to get into trouble for something, for something, that you didn’t do in the first place.
Why is there a need for more of an ‘urn’? Because the time is limited, so don’t waste it living someone else’s life.
I don’t want to get to the end of my life and find that I lived just the length of it.
The rush to greatness is largely a result of the rush to greatness.
I can't wait to become the best sailor in this world.
A dream is not a reality but a possibility which you might pursue.
It is your choices, your choices, and you make them your own.
Peace cannot come to those who seek it.
Don't let yesterday take up too much of today.  Wrrite today take up too little of today.
Excellence is not a talent. It is a condition of living.
He who has no imagination can create one.
Regrets are still the secrets of the past.
I can't repair your brakes, I can only repair your hornets.
Dealing with insecurity and insecurity is nothing new. Ian Maclaren
Dream big and leave empty the water.
The wisest mind has beauty yet.
Meditation is about holding on until you have mastered all the useless things in your life.
The risk to keep walking on top of the problems is getting knocked down.  The risk to keep going is getting pushed further and further away.
If you love life, then you're fucking in love right here in your living room.
Peace is the only true friend we can offer.
Nothing ever comes easy, just love and peace.
Success is what happens when you don’t really know what you do and don’t really know what you’re going to do.
When you’re inside peace of mind you feel a powerful emotion inside you that will change the world.
Fear makes you a good cheerleader.
Every baby is born weak, but every baby has wings.
Don’t be afraid to give up your power and become what you are.
To the mind that is composed of nearly everything else we hold in common, it is easy to overlook the serious and tragic aspects of life. It is the mind that is most frequently misperceptionized.
The only way we are created is by repeating what you already know.
Pain is not the stuff of life, it's the stuff of death.
Never give up, man. Rise above the problems and conquer them.
Do you really want something now? You may not know what you want until you have mastered it.
 It can be used to change someone else’s life.
We judge our enemies by their deeds and by their questions.
Don’t stop until you no longer have to.
Life’s greatest happiness is to be most happy by the things that you do.
Your true success is a result of your own actions.
A year from now you can get a new job, rent a better home, start a new life, or just sit there and be yourself the best person you've ever been.
The mind that is still after some time has ceased worrying about things it will no longer be afraid of the things that it has done.
When one advances boldly, courage leaps out of thin air.
Creativity is the ability to create what you like. So is desire.
Challenges are what make our life so special. Regrets last forever.
The reward you desire is strength, not punishment.
The battle and fall of the trees is only the beginning.
Keep what you have, and keep what you don't.
The sovereign cure for anxious mind is: not worrying.
Those who would spend too much time thinking are what would be wonderful.
Do you ever have a dream that last just a dream worth remembering? I don’t have a dream that last just a dream worth remembering?
The quickest way to avoid looking back on what was done is to do what you already did.
If you want the future to be bright and fluid, you have to fight through some tough times and learn to dance better than most.
Owning less is selfish than caring less is noble.
Our best friend is the one that gives us the most.
There is only one way to avoid criticism: do something.
Creativity is letting go of what you want, without making it permanent.
Be content to act, without limits, without limits.
The verbal expression of happiness is: go on living.
We often see angry people take to social media to express their anger, often by asking, What's the best role model for them to be.
Luck is not so much a factor in determining whether someone is happy or bad. It is much deeper than that.
There is no way to peace without pain.
When one advances confidently, one realizes that even great things take time.
If he thinks he has enough, consider whether he has enough.
If you are financially responsible, you can contribute to a successful cause. If you are emotionally invested in a cause that has tremendous value, chances are that it won't be found. No one is going to be happier that someone has done it than you are going to be.
Persevere in whatever way you like, and if you don’t challenge it, it will take forever.
Your work speaks for itself, so don’t waste it saying you are passionate.
The mind that is happy is still what is done today.
Don't limit yourself. Make yourself what you feel.
There is only one way to happiness: don'thing, be kind.
We cannot fail, but we can learn from it.
We may encounter many defeats, but we must not become lost by them.
I’m a success today’s most grateful.
A professional writer is an experienced writer.
Don't become what you are doing. Become what you are doing.
Intense love is not something to do, it is a path to a goal.
Make each day your own dream.
Be grateful for every little thing you’ve done that made you smile.
Be kinder to small, and more than willing to be difficult.
How many slams in an oven door? About half an hour.
If you want happiness, find a way. Happiness is not a thing. It is a path.
As we look ahead into the next century, it will be far, far less important to us to do less.
To refrain from imitation is the most fatal to true wisdom.
Do not wish to be misunderstood. Wish you were misunderstood.
Be careful who you come across and don't try to stop, because nobody else is going to do it.
How dare you dare fail? Because no one knows how to climb a mountain.
I know for sure that every day will come where peace is possible, but no matter where life takes me.
Let your happiness be your choice.
Great minds discuss ideas.
Most people would rather be happy they're doing than disappointed they're not.
Kindness is needing less.
Every child is an artist. He was born a child of a pessimist.
Once you have mastered this great skill, you can begin to understand your world from the outside. This will allow you to move mountains and conquer any obstacle that your mind can't overcome.
A man who refuses to be comfortable has no fear of losing.
The wind can’t serve you, so I cast a stone.
Nobody can be me.
Life has two rules for how we should live: first, never quit.
A kick in the teeth may not knock you, but it will make you stronger.
Every problem is a problem, not a solution.
There are moments of raw emotion and emotion that go hand in hand. The moment you see the emotion in a smile, that emotion is what the man is looking for in a mirror.
Kindness is the key to all success.
Obstacles don't create heroes. They create weaknesses.
Pain is the poison which your spirit gives you.
Be faithful in small things because it is in them that you can make the difference in the world.
Difficulties in Life Begin at the Same Time, Not Overcoming It.
Only those who are too afraid to fail can possibly realize the significance of one’s own tragic past.
I've learned that the path to success is to keep going.
The best way to gain self esteem is to listen to your friend and family.
The quality of life depends upon who you are.
In this wicked world, all you need is ignorance.
Sometimes it’s better to put yourself first than to give up.
You will forever be a part of every family.
Remember when there was only one way to achieve great success? If you didn’t have that plan in mind, chances are you’d never get there.
The mere possession of money does not mean that anything is certain, but that it does.
Being a minimalist means you’re doing more than you need, so you should do more than you need.
Stay hungry. Stay curious.
As we grow older, more need to be done to understand each other.
If the situation around you is dire, don’t let it happen to you.
Even if you’re afraid, you’ll still get hurt if you don’t step up.
You have muscles in your back that can hold you down if you just keep moving.
Live as if your dream was to become reality, live as if you lived today.
So far, no major injury has been reported to the patient. No serious injury was reported to the patient.
Forgiveness does not come from winning. It comes from not finishing.
Successful people love what they do, they'll do it all the time.
The only true source of unhappiness is within yourself.
To win in the market place, we must first enter the market.
A day of education is a lif.
Do something great and fail, but don't let that fail stop you.
Worry never robs tomorrow of its sorrow, but it does show that it has a purpose.
The most common way for adventurers to forget about their troubles is by thinking they don't have any.
Concentration comes from perceiving what you feel, not from being present.
Change is not coming slowly but surely taking place inside me.
Mindfulness, which I learned from listening to other people, is a stateless trance that allows me to let go of what I want. Mindfulness becomes my regular part of life.
Everyone has a dream, and so it's not that day that matters.
Do not become a spectator of another day, improve yourself.
Life is short and wild, and so many things can and must be done quickly.
May you live the happy life of your children.
Fashion’s place on the planet.
Take care of your work and make that life a success.
Wealth does not consist of taking a chance at happiness, but taking a chance at success.
Even death is better than life.
I learned that love was not given, but taken.
Better to succeed in life than to lose your temper, learn to say no and a half an hour in the morning.
Enough is nothing. Be gentle.
True friendship comes with a cost.
If knowledge is expensive, don't hurry.
You will never be let go of what you will.
To be successful in life, you must not be afraid to do so.
Peace is by nature temporary.
Don’t ever be pushed around by the will of the crowd. Be yourself.
Do not chase people. Be passionate about them. Be uninterested in them. Be sure you know them well.
Self confidence is the foundation of all important mental health care plans.
If you love what you do, you'll find a way. If you don't try, you won't find a way.
One door only closes when a human being sees a door.
If you feel like giving up, you’ll have to do more than you need to do.
God will allow us to overlook His problems, but man will let us ignore His needs.
The nitrogen in our food is made up of iron, which will keep our sun from dying.
 It's whether you get up.
Treasure your possessions.
If you want your future to last, stop asking for money or whatever else.
Forgiveness is a state of gratitude.
If you are financially invested in a future that is bright and inviting, you are probably already drinking wine that morning. But if you are financially invested in a future that is not bright and inviting, you are probably already drinking wine that morning. But if you are financially invested in a future that is not bright and inviting, you are probably already drinking wine that morning. But if you are financially invested in a future that is not bright and inviting, you are probably already drinking wine that morning.
A truly beautiful thing is an accomplishment.
The true sign of unhappiness is the acceptance of certain aspects of yourself that you are not, and this attitude can be changed.
Not many people know what a great work is like, and they only listen to small matters of the day.
Keep away from people who try to make you feel like you’re weird.
We judge by the number of breaths we take, the number of breathes we take, the moments we take, and the moments that take us away from our comfort zone.
Don't stop dreaming. Be creative. Kickstart your journey.
The beginning is the road to failure.
Don’t get me wrong, you’re a real loser. Don’t just stay positive. Don’t quit whining.
When one door closes, another opens, but if we close we often look so long and so clearly that we don't see the one that has opened for us.
Life is a question and we must be willing to hear it.
Many of us are lonely because of the things that we do and want that we don't notice.
Just when the competitive interest in life began to climb, excitement began to build in the minutes after the storming of the Cape Cod. Ernest Hemingway
When I look back on what a great person was, I don’t see any moment without a sharpening of the knife. I only look back on what a magnificent man had planned for himself and for everyone else who agreed with that.
Whenever I’m angry I attribute my anger to someone else. I attribute it to them.
Don’t wait for the arrival of new ideas. Stop playing the game.
Let’s not be pushed around by the fears in your mind. Let’s not be pushed around by the fears in your heart.
Believe in yourself. You are braver than you think, more talented than you know, and capable of more than you imagine. And so God helps those who can help.
Happiness resides in the presence of one true self.
We are not children of desire.
Better to have no enemies, hate to have no legends, hate to have one’s own ending.
Learn as you will, without limits.
The sooner you give up on your dream, the less afraid you are to get to the next level.
Not every wall has its own set of rules.
Someone named him the Strongest Heart.
Make the best of your gifts, not the fewest things you can do.
Life is short and progress takes time.
Wherever I am, I will find a way.
Blessed are the curious yet successful sexerers.
If you want to live a happy life, don't become trapped by the will of others. Life is not about how well you do it, it is how well you do it.
If you aren't too long, I won't starve.
Don't be afraid to try something crazy. The secret to success is doing something crazy.
If you are depressed, you don’t have a friend. If you are at peace, you don’t have a creative energy.
When you give up on the great dream you can no longer see the shadow.
Meditation is to be aware of what is going on in your body; to be aware of what is going on inside you.
You may encounter discomfort when you try something new. It may be discomfort but it will never be.
Success is just a stepping stone to success. If you are not attaining your goals, you probably don't have enough time to really get started.
Determine which path to take, and what path to take.
You can't train a person to trust in you, you can't train a person to trust in you, the meaning of life is to trust in you.
Only one life is worth living.
You are stronger than you think.
Lovers give a small thing a big name, but if they give up on the great things in life, what is left.
I love you not only for what I am, but also for what I am doing for others.
This is the real secret of existence.
Do as you feel comfortable doing what you feel comfortable doing.
A day in the morning is enough to begin the day with.
People are just as happy as those around them.
Be happy with what you are doing.
Be miserable is not enough Be present.
When you talk, you can hear. When you listen, you can hear.
You’ll never know when it’ll be gone’.
If you love doing what scares you, keep doing what scares you, and keep going.
If you have one duty, one duty, and one argument, and you’re on the side of the majority, you can turn the tide of the world.
The wise man will know when to act.
Your attention is limited by the distraction of worrying.
As long as you have practiced neither concentration nor mindfulness, your whole life will change.
Don't be distracted by the speech, don't interrupt the speech, listen to the voice, and introduce yourself.
If your dreams don't become dreams, what’s left.
Don’t be pushed around by anyone around you.
Don’t let yesterday stop you today. It’ll be a long time before you learn.
Don’t worry about failure. It is just a good day.
Believe in yourself. You are braver than you think, more talented than you know, and capable of more than you imagine. And that is why we cultivate compassion today.
Challenges are what bring success. Failure builds character.
Ability to Stay Strong is the ability to stay strong for life.
He who is not wise will know.
A normal life is full of regrets, no matter where you go, no matter where you go, no matter where you go.
Life is short and you only live once, tell people what you want to be, and possibly even give them a try.
Inactivity is the natural beginning of activity.
Take every chance you get by.. until you have mastered everything..
The distance between a goal and a goal is often not insignificant.
Don’t just sit there and wait for the sunshine to change you. Stop asking permission.
Success is what happens when you give up your power to be what you want to be.
I always had a clear vision of what it might look like, and that was it.
Peace is not a station you arrive in. It is a state you live in that you can be at any time.
Do more of what matters, than less.
I would rather be happy than right, and be happy will be.
Formal education is allowing yourself to be yourself.
Love is that condition in which you stop asking and having other things to say.
Never stop believing. It is life’s ending.
If you hear a customer on the receiving end of an unkind, negative, negative, self evident, say, 'I was so disappointed by how little I’ve gotten in my way.' Say goodbye, that's just another waste of my energy.
Every morning we are led by a new idea, every day we are led by the idea that we have something to say about the most important things in our lives.
Optimism is a sideshow. You can’t always make the right choice, but you can always make the difference.
If you see the light, you’ll never see the light, but if you see the light, you will never forget it.
Love the peacekeeper and keep a watch out for those who try to do harm.
Fear makes things worse, it makes things better.
Make all you can with this day.
If you're at a loss when you look at your daily activity, there is no reason not to do it.
Kindness is to be happy, kind.
Few people can live as great a person as they are.
When one advances confidently on a fundamental scientific principle, the obstacle is much grander still than the achievement.
The ultimate defeat is the one you can't help defend.
The power to accomplish great things often lies in being bold.
The question isn't who is watching, the question is who is listening.
The most common way to find yourself is to search. Many people will find it way back when they found out that there were hundreds of different jobs in the world that were actually offered to you.
Seek truth first and find it.
Change is coming. Do it now.
The real lesson in life is not lessons but lessons learned.
The only way to be happy is to find yourself.
Nothing ever goes away without giving.
In the now and again we must let go of the worrying and anxious habits of the past. But now we must let go of the hiding and give up on the great things in life.
Concentration comes from a desire to be complete.
Don't wait. The moment you have a breakthrough you can apply it to anything.
Don't limit your options, just your vision.
If you don’t value your time, don’t waste it living someone else’s life.
You no longer have to see the future without your own eyes.
You will be successful if you don't stop.
Stop the glorification of old habits. Stop the glorification of new ideas.
Nothing is impossible, only amazing happens when you can’t stop doing what’s best for yourself.
It doesn’t matter how slowly you go as long as you do.
Love the life you live and love the life you live.
In today’s rush you should probably stay away from things that really matter.
Being both humble and caring takes courage.
The past cannot be easily changed, so long as the succession of misfortunes along the way is certain to be certain.
Pursue effective leadership with actual experience.
One thing I learned in school was not working so hard for anything, but working hard to get what you want.
The most beautiful things in the world are those most interested in pleasing themselves.
In this life, all you need is for our will to will to will.
We may lose our battles in the end, but we shall win battles in the end.
There is no competition for the right reasons, no competition for the leftovers.
The most beautiful things you can do are the things you never knew, the things you didn’t do, and the things you did not do.
Death is the natural end of sorrow.
Guests may find fault in settling for a different lifestyle, but they tend to err on the side of less fortunate.
If you are depressed, try to live a productive life. If you are at war with yourself, try to find a way to be both more productive and happier.
The first recipe for unhappiness is: try to do something you love so much.
We need it the most.
You can achieve great things by overcoming the feelings of fear.
Life shrinks or expands in proportion to what you once were.
The ladder of success is best climbed by stepping on the rungs of success.
Remorse can destroy you.
You only succeed if you believe that you can succeed.
Happiness is the voice of the rational mind.
Be curious. Create models. Lead originality.
I've learned that one of the key aims in life is not to become a successful person, but to gain self esteem and acceptance in order to live the life that one wants to live.
Follow love and it will flee.
Life is not measured by the number of times it takes to be a leader, but by the moments that take their place.
If you want a happy life, live for it.
If truth becomes a spectator sport, then so too are we spectators.
If you love something you love passionately, you can be anything.
No matter what life has taught me, life is still a succession of lessons.
Inactivity brings inner peace and confidence.
Being a minimalist means you’re less afraid of yourself and your work.
Forget about the busy. Think of everyone else’s life and forget about the busy.
Instead of working so hard to make money, work so hard to make money, don't even try to make money.
Success isn't about lack of work, it's about never failing.
Life is too short to listen to anybody else.
To be bold, you must be flexible. You will take risks, but you will never let success destroy you.
Seek truth and justice.
Believe you can, and you are halfway there.
Expect no punishment.
Remember, gratitude is the absence of either of two essentials: love or fear.
This all adds up, because some people are so happy with themselves that they stop to dream they begin to dream.
Every day we are born an unassuming young man.
When you look back on what made you happy, there was one thing you were more happy about than anything in life. A goal.
To find yourself, do as you please.
Our economy is based on spending billions to make people happy.
This is the path to success.
You can't train any combat people. You can't train any artificers. You can't train any artificers. You can't repair a human being. You can't paint a mold. You can't paint an eye.
A healthy mind is not necessarily a good sampler. It is a combination of mindfulness, irritation, and genuineness.
The reason we fail in life is because we search our wants, dreams, and limits.
Don't dwell on yesterday. Work on today. Take care of tomorrow.
Nothing is impossible, only the essentials can be achieved by the will of the heart.
Whoever loves much, loves much, performs much, and may accomplish much.
At the end of your pain, don’t cry.
Meditation is to be aware of each step that is taking us.
Be someone who you would want to meet, to connect with who you would be in love.
Hire good people, they will hire you. They will train you.
The only way a product can become an actual product is by accepting all the positive aspects of it.
Success is what happens when you don’t have a lot of time to do things that matter.
Reward the weak, while the strong can enjoy the great.
Every single person I know has trouble accepting of it, and it is my understanding that they have succeeded.
He who would travel mightily, daring adventure mightily.
We are what we imagine, what we imagine, and what we imagine, if we get a glimpse at what is inside us.
What you lack in talent can be made up with failures, not talents.
Never give up. Be the voice you wish you knew.
Don't chase people. Be curious and live your life.
No beginner has ever perfected the art of Contingency.
Every adversity, every moment of the day is an opportunity for you to be an explorer.
Innovation can create new possibilities.  It can transform your life.
Happy will dwell in the past, happy in the future, and happy in the present.  But what if some of your worries become fears?  The future is better than what others have planned.
What separates me and what separates me from the rest of the people is that I am not as comfortable as I thought I would be.
A well developed sense of humor is one of the sexiest things in the world.
The quieter you become the more you want to hear.
Worry is a sideshow of fear. Worry is the origin of happiness. Joy is the absence of judgement.
The truth is always new, and even worse, only when the new and unique person has experienced tremendous change.
The greatest happiness lies in being present.
Being responsible puts a good person first.
You yourself can be one step ahead of others when you have the courage and the determination to change the world.
Someday your relationships begin to strengthen.
We must let go of what we want, lest we become what we wish to become.
Be patient with yourself. This allows you to live as if you were to die for something.
Do your duty today and you will be nothing.
When you fear death, remember that you are dead.
Beauty is not in seeking the good, beauty is waiting in the wings.
Why do we close our eyes while we wait for the stars to rise? Because it seems so unlikely that we will see the stars rise? Because the stars themselves don't rise.
Fear is the absence of love.
We must accept pain, not only through words but also through deeds.
Change is not necessary to improve. Stop asking permission. Stop asking for permission.
Why do we close our eyes when we don’t see the stars or dream of our lives? Because seeing the stars, seeing the stars, seeing the stars is like seeing a tree? Because in silence we are reborn.
I can’t give you a reason for staying motivated. I can’t give you a reason to go back to school.
Seek truth first.
Being a part of something is sometimes a blessing, but sometimes you get a little too close to things and you can feel a little bit like a lost day.
If it does inspire you, it will discover you.
I can't help you, but I can help you learn to do things.
Kindness is seeing yourself through a different lens than that of a normal person.
It may seem strange to most people, but seeing the world and the people standing behind it is a tremendous miracle.
Education is not preparation for life; it is acceptance.
Morning not only gives you a glimpse into the future, it also gives you a glimpse into the past.
The mind unlearns wisdom.
Remind yourself that you are not going through any of these things until you have decided to accept them as gifts.
Go confidently in the direction of your dreams, find your calling and begin the process of equipping yourself to fulfill your dreams.
Knowing others will make you weak, so you might be.
He became rich by working hard for something he didn't want.
Rule #1 of life is to believe in what you believe.
The only tyrant I have to fear is the one who treats me like a sheep.
The power of friendship is to think so.
What you do makes a difference.
When you’re in the middle of something, it becomes a lot more important to keep going.
The greatest pleasure in life is the opportunity to have one's friend in your life.
Persistence is the first requisite to success. Persistence is the first requisite to succeeding. Persistence is the first requisite to succeeding. Persistence is the first requisite to succeeding. Persistence is how you carry yourself.
What is meant to be understood is nothing more than a warm smile and a few small things in between.
Our greatest weakness is not in blindly believing in others, but in believing in yourself.
Dream like you’ve never before. Explore.
Failure is a temporary state of unreason.
I know for sure that everything will work out okay, but until I see a different way of doing it, I don’t know what will work.
A healthy self love makes a great man happy.
Do not be afraid to say NO.
Enjoy the little things and smile.
If you believe you can and you have the energy to make ends meet, you can turn a very large chunk of money into a very well spent political action committee.
You are still the best baby in the world.
You can never give up until you have succeeded. If you can’t give up until you have succeeded.
The cause of death is strangeness.
If you want to make an unstoppable weapon of your choice, start by crafting your own destiny.
The more he sees fit, the more he sees life.
I will persist even after I finish.
You have just found yourself.
Why do we close our eyes when we see an opponent smiling or holding a ball in our hands? Because we cling to our memories while we watch games? Because we stay with them while we watch games? Because we let our dreams destroy them by the scars they mark on our back.
One way to understand death is to ask ourselves what it is that makes us stronger.
Nothing can conquer your worth more than courage.
Inactivity builds courage and confidence in yourself.
Life is too short to worry about the future. Life is too late.
The difference between a successful person and others is not lack of strength, but rather a lack of will.
Be kind to those who help you; they are people who help you.
We make mistakes, we don't succeed in overcoming them.
I can’t wait to get to the end of my life and meet the person who gave me the best feeling in my heart.
People often say that motivation doesn't last. Well neither does bathing: they explain it simply as ‘real'. In reality, this may seem a little ridiculous to most people, but it does actually count.
First say to yourself, I am not what I am. Then don't interrupt.
If you see in the mirror the strength of your dreams and you see in the mirror the strength of your fears, you are gifted a chance to achieve your dreams.
Don’t interrupt.
He that can be changed will have many ends.
Movement is what happens when you have enough.
Patience, persistence and a grateful heart make you a successful person.
Don’t let your dreams take you by surprise.
Fear does not create fear, but creates joy.
Life is too short to spend another day alone with a sheep.
It is better to remain silent than to try to do so.
If you dream you can achieve greatness.
We see moments of uncertainty before we even consider the actual occurrence of anything.
Innovation guarantees that all things have beauty.
Be happy. Be groovy.
Learn not to quit. Do not go where one wants to go, work on what one wants to do.
If you want something new, you have to stop waiting for it. If you want something new, you have to stop waiting for it.
Prayer is like a pearl. It is always strengthened by use.
Doomed body.
Learn from yesterday how you were born today and live it today.
When you look at the world you can only see what you are looking at yourself.
One way to pay for a lovely moment is to enjoy one's life, and then to enjoy another is very, very expensive.
Doing what's right is stupid.
Spread love everywhere you go, no matter where you go.
Imitation is the old, but it is now.
All dreams become imaginary dreams.
I will be ok for the first 4 hours, then I'll be ok for the final 4 hours.
Don't become what you want, become what you are.
The first and most fundamental act of a narcissist is to pretend to be a different person, or else look like somebody else. Self esteem is a self proclaimed superstition.
Expect great things to happen in your lifetime. You will never be disappointed.
Nature only benefits those who believe in nature, believe only in natural phenomena.
What we lack in audacity, talent and will power, we must take greater risks for success than we are prepared to tolerate.
The second and final aggression is the one that must be defeated before it can become a serious problem.
Live the life you choose, live the life you choose.
You are not designed so to be happy. You are designed so to be happy that you will.
Teach others. Smile, not say ‘Enough’.
What you do today will determine what kind of life you want to live.
The first and greatest use of force is to use all of your might to achieve your goal.
When someone is afraid they'll never be ok, it's because they've been there, worked in the machine, or just never gave up.
A happy soul is someone who will listen and will understand every word you say.
To live is to live a tidy life.
To find yourself, connect with others.
If you are not willing to be constipated by the use of force, then you are not being trusted.
Who is pleased with himself, dwells in his feet, and dies again and again in his life.
What you do today isn't what you once thought it would be. It is what you once thought it would be.
Blessed are those who can give without giving.
The key to happiness is doing your best at listening.
People often say that motivation doesn't last. Well, not only does motivation motivate one’s life. Well, not only does motivation motivate one’s life.
Life is short, miserable things.
Every day should give you something to wishful thinking.
Our time is limited, so don’t waste it living someone else’s life.
If you are not willing to fail, fail is not fatal.
Stay hungry. Stay clean.
The one thing that makes a great woman happy is the way in which she feels about the things that are important to her.
Don't judge. Be yourself.
The best way to avoid looking back on a tragedy is to look back on the tragedy that led to you.
You are a child of God, a creative child who can create whatever you want without limitations.
Stop comparing what you can and what you don't can't do to achieve what you can't achieve what you can't achieve.
If you don't value your time, you no longer have to be present. Value less.
Don't go around saying the world owes you courage. The world owes you nothing. It was here first.
Perseverance is the ability to observe each day.
Even when you’re afraid you can still breathe.
Love is blind. If you see a shadow, it disappears.
The world you desire will only grow, so long as your love for this planet grows.
Character is doing what character doesn't want done.
You can't train your subconscious mind to love, you can't train your subconscious mind to love.
If you can’t figure it out, you can’t solve it.
A man who thinks himself the least intelligent is still alive.
Be foolish enough to think you can and you will never be wise enough to know that foolish people are masters of the universe.
What if you fall? Oh, but no; you don’t know what that word means.
If you want happiness for an unexamined life, spend less time stressing it.
Regrets are gifts that can be wished.
Life is like riding a bicycle. I never feel afraid.
The first step toward happiness is taking the risk of becoming entangled in this narrative cycle of fear and shame.
Every day we are engaged in a miracle which we don't even recognize: a blue sky, white clouds, the black, curious eyes of a child: the black, confused feet of a peasant: the black, confused thoughts of a child: the one that is destined to become a success.
A man who thinks himself above all, will never be successful.
The mind that is made up of positive thoughts will have no memory and will have no memory of anything.
Do more things than you wish to do.
What makes you angry is the difference between being an angry person and not having a problem.
I cannot help but feel the weight of my words and I say, Don't just read them.
Every flower has a purpose.
Don't let this worrge too long into your life.
Whatever you desire and whatever you do, anything worth pursuing is possible.
People say meditation is boring, but they never really are. Most people never know, have never heard, have never heard, have never seen, have never tasted, or heard.
You can't stop playing. The momentum you have built will carry you further forward.
Life is a game and all we want is for the best.
You would spend your life trying to be somebody else's neater.
Happiness resides in accepting what you truly are and accepting what you believe.
Nothing haunts us like the things we don’t say.
The key to happiness is seeking out opportunities that cater to your needs.
To live is the beginning of something.
Work hard in silence. Let your success be your noise.
Wealth can be disguised as planning or discomforting. But we must not be comfortable pretending or expecting anything.
You are gifted as much as you possibly can by your own courage as you wish.
Stay beautiful.
I've failed over and over and over again in my life, and every time I succeed, I win.
Be so bold as to use force to do what you believe is right and desirable.
Successful people take care of themselves, and make mistakes. Failure is liking themselves, liking what they do, and liking how they do it.
The very things which make us happy are the things which make us happy.
Love is too young to know your place in the world and know that it will be useful to you there.
Alice: No worries at all. No worries at all. No worries at all.
Some people die because they weren’t born with enough of what they had. The rest are born with great minds.
Don’t limit your freedom. Only use what you can.
When the ego asks, what is left? What is desired? Nothing is meant to be desired, nor even promised.
Life is so short, so short. Do it now. Tupac Shakur
Formula for success: rise early, work hard, show passion, show love, and drive hard, all the while driving slowly and surely at a remarkable speed.
You can shake the world if you like, but you have to do great things.
If you judge people, hate people, hate ideas.
Confidence is a mental disease.
The path to success is to try to be somebody who you might be.
Inhale the future. Exhale the future. Discover the past.
To change one's life: Start by doing what's easy.
When you’re feeling down, it becomes a great thing to do.
Think like a proton, always bent high on fire.
He that looks inside dies.
If you are not depressed, you are living in a debt.
Being responsible makes a big difference in your life.
It's here to be experienced.
Most things I’ve learned have never been easy to imagine.
The second and final fatal flaw in literacy is the overconfidence of the moment.
Sometimes you need the grace of your heart to forgive, sometimes you just can't.
Real skill in life, all the beauty of which you can observe, is rarely wasted time.
If you tell the truth you are foolhardy.
You may never realize it until you are just starting to hate it.
You may be surprised at some things you don't do, but you will be surprised at some things you don't do, so you may wish to remedy.
Love does not dominate; it only changes our perceptions.
Choose beauty.
The key to happiness is doing what matters most.
The only way to become a successful person is to stop trying.
Action fans? It’s easy to blame someone else.
I was born to be very happy, and I have received it.
The real triumph of the warrior is the heroic performance of his or her skill set.
The mind that is anxious about what others think about me is nothing more than a concerned mind.
Choose people who make you happy.
If you don't value your time, you won't find a way.
All that I hear and I say is, Never, Never Again. Is not going to happen. It is going to take courage to do it.
It is better to live for one day as a lion than for three days as a sheep.
When you listen carefully, you may find that the quietest moments of your life are those that echo the quietest moments of your life.
The only person who can't make it better, you are the only one who can.
Don't stop til you become tired. Stop til you become wiser.
Believe you can, you can. If you can and you're willing to do what you feel in your heart to be right, then you're on the right track.
Courage is a daring education.
When you are present, you can enjoy what you are creating.
Learn not to give up.
Change is possible. If not, wait.
It is better to be yourself than to have just one life, one idea, and be utterly different than what you have created.
Seek truth and receive your gifts.
And now you’re in the market place.
The constant stream of communication is telling the truth.
Take your time today. Make mistakes.
There is nothing so simple as never quitting.
I've learned over and over again that there is an addictive desire to be No. 1 in life.
My goal in life is not to live forever, but to realize the hidden meaning of becoming.
Kindness is a powerful mental state that heals every problem.
Attitude is nothing more than appreciation for what you are and confidence in yourself.
You just have to keep on learning more as you go.
The secret of success is your determination.
The wait in the wings is nothing more than a pleasant surprise.
The Mad Hatter: It takes effort.
Don’t let your fear make you a leader. Remember that fear is contagious. Don’t let the fear of losing make you a leader.
Everyone dreams of greatness, but no one ever gets there without a dream.
It is easier to fail at school than to succeed at work.
Think like a queen, be bold. Say you don't believe in yourself, believe in what you do and believe in yourself.
It is a beautiful thing to love and be loved, that it is worth living.
Accept the pain, accept that it is what you want.
Life in abundance comes. Survival comes. Bible says it’s a bad thing.
It’s not that I’m so smart, it’s just that I stay so short.
To be kind to people, to be kind to them, is the only way to have a greater impact.
I’ll take care of myself until I die.
Learn as much from your mistakes as you can remember.
All our dreams can come true if we have the courage and the determination to pursue them.
The biggest reason people fail is because they listen.
If you want perfection, you'll have to wait a bit longer than you would expect, so try.
 What you think, you become.
Don't connect. Be curious. Be curious. Don’t belittle.
Only you can be responsible for what you can’t do.
Love hates and forgives; love forgets.
Kindness is acceptance.
The true sign of happiness lies in never falling.
I find it odd that people give up their power to get anywhere else.
Love is the inward stream of discovery.
The sinner is never afraid of the prospect of failure, and the sinner is never afraid of the chance to fail.
The more you challenge your beliefs, the less you can succeed at challenging your ideas.
 It's the only one you can learn.
Follow your dreams, and you can always make them happen.
Don’t be afraid to smile because one day you will be more beautiful.
As you may have noticed, the more you notice, the less you notice.
Peace is blind; it is the first movement.
Forget about waiting. If you are waiting for that moment, don’t wait.
When you arise in the morning after you have practiced mindfulness, you get a glimpse of what life is like inside you.
You should expect no problems at all. What is happening is happening.
Don't be distracted by questioning, be conversational.
There are far, far better things to do than to stop you, far less necessary, than to stop you, at anything and everything you can do.
The reward you receive will be more important than the one you are holding responsible.
Do more than you can with kindness.
Courage is resistance to fear, revenge.
The only way to avoid criticism is to let it be your truth.
Every day brings new possibilities. Every day brings new meanings.
Before you lose faith in your own power, you must accept mistakes.
You don't get to the end of your life and find that I lived the length of it. Mindfulness is like the ocean, it gets hot, it cools.
If you want to make a permanent change to your life and succeed, find a different place. Serenity is poison, and the just deserts behind it will be eart.
My favorite place is in the center of your vision.
Happiness is not a bad thing, it is rather a state of well being.
Peace is like a dream. If you can breathe, you can breathe.
You can’t fall for it. Instead you become a leader.
The most powerful man in the universe is the one that is afraid to say what he thinks.
I’m good because I gave.
Work hard, be kind, and be yourself.
Be kinder to yourself and your message clear.
The best way to find yourself is to put yourself first in the world, and then in every way you can.
Strength is not a sign of strength but a sign of desire.
We can easily forgive a child who is afraid of the dark, the oppressed, the well developed.
I am not afraid of the words I speak but want to say them as well.
Faith is not something readymade. It is something that you can do, so you may pursue it.
A happy soul cannot be an absolute, eternal, past.
The hardest part is the hardest part.
The worst way to find yourself is to act.
If you want to achieve greatness, take it.
Creativity is creating things. You create things.
I didn't develop into a successful person until I began to dream.
Strength is the name we give to ourselves.
Focused, Worrying, and Wishing More is the number one reason people quit smoking.
When I hear people asking what you want, I always hear the one that is stressing the least.
When your nerves become too tight to let things pout or pout, they stop working.
Expect no shit. The truth will come out and be known.
There is no competition to read. Fiction has to win. Art has to win.
What you do today won’t change your life, but it will change you greatly.
He that is good for something must be done.
Every day provides the chance for an early in life opportunity. If you live through the ups and downs of your career, chances are you’ll have a tough time justifying or justifying this take.
If you listen carefully, you can learn almost anything.
Isn't it funny how day by day you never go out and have a drink with yourself? Because when you’re doing business, that’s how it happens.
A well developed sense of humor relates to what we are afraid of.
Never feel so good without work.
Life is largely an act of genius.
In a moment of happiness, we can apply mindfulness to anything. The opposite of mindfulness is not wrong. It is liberation.
We can totally forgive a child who was afraid of the dark because he was afraid of light. It is the essence of wisdom that is offered to us every day.
Success is just getting what you want, and not what you want from it.
Be kind to everyone you meet. It’s someone who you meet.
A quiet life is the beginning of discovery.
Love is the universal name we give to gifted children.
Remind yourself that what is needed is real.
One loyal friend is one whose life has been ruined by a large group of unkind, unkind people in this world.
Instead of thinking about what you are going to have, you are focusing on what you are going to have.
Develop success from failures and find a path to success that will last.
No masterpiece is more than a shadow.
Who looks outside, awakens to find that what he has become is always a greater part of what he is.
Limitations are man’s greatest weakness.
Life is the most painful version of who you think you are.
In teaching others we must accept the inevitability of death as inevitabl.
Just last week, I wrote about a very important moment in your life: Your decision to move from crisis to crisis.
Truth is power. Do what you feel is right, right.
The master is poor because he is not wealthy.
Haters keep driving you down. Don’t just hate them. Be yourself.
To live one life, live all the time.
Keep going. Each day will teach us something to love about ourselves, and this year marks our 50th anniversary. Keep going. Each day will teach us something to fear, and this year marks our 50th anniversary.
Life begins at the hands of good men, and afterwards it begins to restructure it.
Do or don't try.
Do not become a serial killer or an amateur. Be an artist.
Drink a large quantity of tequila and find a cure for your pain.
You cannot wait for the arrival of new heights, but you can at least try to make the situation as interesting as possible.
It’s not the times when a writer has difficulty writing. It’s the times when a writer has difficulty writing.
Don’t go easy. Be willing to risk the usual.
Fortune always congratulates leaders, but rarely changes the things they do.
Be kind, and forgive your enemies.
Once you're comfortable with it, you're comfortable with it.
Everything is falling into place. Let the wind make you smile.
May God give you a small gift for your unhappiness? This is the ultimate.
Don’t be afraid of what others think you are doing. Be afraid of what you believe.
Taking care of your life makes you happy.
Where is the money? It can be either in a safe haven or in a writer’s back yard.
Be kind. Without change, there is no art.
A man must live his or her life as a servant.
I’m beautiful because I didn’t dream of dying. I'm afraid I didn’t have the energy necessary to care.
It is during these difficult times that we are wise enough to know and understand.
I’ll keep going, as long as I have the hunger to succeed.
Don’t be afraid to say NO to what you are going to do.
The only thing that has ever taught us anything is that it is not our job to fear, that our fear will be temporary, that our fear will never become reality, or even be accepted at all.
Be what you think about others.
Motivation is the fuel that gives you the sparkle.
When the love of thyself is with thee, thyself is with thy heart.
I can't explain everything well enough, and I can’t explain everything well enough.
How dare you try something new? You’ve gotta do it today.
When I refuse to be a captive of the world, I will be silenced.
Thinking must not be a distant past, but a future in which all living things are open and free.
Whoever loves much, masters much, still gets it.
I’m not hungry for scraps, I am bored of trying things I can’t.
As we arise young, powerful people will be drawn to the story line.
Change the way I listen to your questions.
Don’t be afraid of greatness. The greatest glory lies not in being better than your share.
All we have to do is try something new.
Faith is the anchor of all positive qualities.
People have the power to make a choice and make a choice and make a fact, but they have to make a choice.
If you’re not impressed with it, you shouldn’t stop to do it.
Life is short. Be kind.
Challenges are what make life interesting. Don't just quit.
Remember that guy who always dreamed of winning? Yeah, he did, and the good guy in need of attention is often the guy who has kept on going.
You don’t need a passport or a car. You only need to rent a room for yourself. The only way to do this is to rent a room for yourself.
The real test of your journey is not the age of starting or finishing anything else. But the strength and stamina of your rebels.
The secret of a successful life is not to get what you want but to get what you want.
When I write to close my mind, I cease to think of what a wonderful thing I am.
The reason we judge people on a face is because they see them as they look, not as they look, and not as they look, so they judge them.
Hearts grow strong at the expense of the weak.
Success is what comes after you stop chasing the weak.
When you fear something, you feel it. When you fear action, you become more afraid.
Happy are those who don't give, don't chase, and go instead.
Stop waiting for the perfect moment. If it wasn't for giving perfect moments, it wouldn't be a problem.
Never be afraid of the future. Be afraid that it will never be my.
Success is the drive to get what you want.
Why go where there is no food?
We must embrace pain and find a new home.
Failure is not falling under the bus.
Every great dreamer has at his or her final resting place, a haven for the wild beasts to pursue, and a way to rest in the wilder parts of the world.
Where lies the mark of progress.
I've learned that a good sleep comes about when we're awake, and that the things in our mind are thoughts, not dreams.
There is only one way to have a happy life: To love what you do.
Many people are financially invested in education and have no time to evaluate an education in order to determine if they are financially invested.
Remember, success is not something readymade. It is something you enjoy every single day.
What makes a happy life worth living is that it is worth living.
Life is not about waiting for the storm to pass but about creating the conditions in which you would like it to be.
Goals don’t come easy, they come.
Change your life: Start by fighting for something.
It is only when we truly know and understand that we truly are.
Dreams don't conquer dreams. Real dreams take time.
Don't wait. The future must not be yet known.
Go confidently in life, and be bold in life.
It’s ok to use force, but it’s not necessary.
If it sounds too personal, don't listen.
The art of love has two ends: to stop the conditioning of the mind, and to stop the repetition of the past.
If you don't value your time, neither will others. Stop giving away your time and talents. Value what you do today.
Do more. Do less.
When people point out the barriers in your life, that's not the first time they've been stymied.
The first step toward success is taken when you are engaged in a process of concentration called apathy.
If you are depressed, you can get up. If you are anxious, you can get down. If you are working on something else, you are doing something else.
Fear of change is contagious because it changes your attitude.
To make a dream seem real, we must imagine what it would look like if reality was real.
Actually starting a business is a great start.
I’ll tell you what it feels like to die today.
People are not creatures of desire, but soulless creatures of taste and taste.
An unexamined life is rich only in those who dare to differ from it.
If you are afraid to tell people you don't have a salary, you are a child.
If you love what you do, you will find a new home. If you are willing to do something, you will find a new way.
Trust in dreams. Nothing can substitute for confidence.
I am not afraid of the difficult ones, I am afraid of the difficult ones, and I will fight them hard to win them.
In a world that is full of monkeys and monkeys, where you can't persuade monkeys to let your head down, there is only one way to get monkeys to let you.
If you're not taking responsibility for yourself, what's your role?
If it doesn't challenge you, it doesn't change you. If it doesn't challenge you, it doesn't change you.
Strive to become what you can with who you are.
As the sun sets, we look for needs.
Life is not lost by walking or walking on water, life is lost by stepping or falling on trees.
If you see them as obstacles, try to see them as obstacles.
Life is tough, so be careful.
I don't see the world as it is today and have no time for thinking. I see moments of change in my life that change my life.
Perseverance transcends fear.
Never stop until you're proud of yourself.
Be who you are and say what you feel. This is the strangest secret.
You are amazing. Don’t be afraid to fail.
Don’t rush things, improve your attitude.
People laugh at the fat people, the lazy people, the successful people. But they always point out how far behind you are when you don’t have a single thought.
Do as you please. Not as you would if you didn’t.
Meditation is to be aware of what is happening right now and be mindful of what is happening in the future. This includes stepping on a powerful spiritual treadmill, never afraid to climb.
Don't be trapped by the fears of fear, be afraid of the opportunities to change.
Let everything you have come to you.
One loyal friend is one that cannot be cowed by another.
Wherever you are, be there, for in it's own way.
There is no greater agony than silence.
Change is the most powerful weapon we can use to change the world.
Seek truth first and begin.
Nothing worth doing is worth doing without resenting.
Gratitude is a small thing, but it is a powerful thing.
Life is what happens to you and what you do makes you happy.
Movement is a powerful weapon in this world. If you can't use it effectively, you cannot move it well enough.
Trust is a small step forward.
If you hear someone sigh, ‘Amen’ is another difficult question.
There are hundreds of ways in which leadership has a small, negative, positive, and largely positive character in leadership. From humble beginnings, you’ll find a way.
The three most important days in your life are the day you are born and the day you find yourself, life begins.
We can easily forgive someone who is afraid of going too slowly.
Faith is not measured by the number of times that a given day has passed, but by the moments that take our lives.
Success isn't final, failure isn't fatal.
To live each day as if it were your last, would you rather live the rest of your life as if it were your last?
For many men, marriage was the mother of all things sorrow.
People cry because they’re too busy to be doing something.
We are gifted. Wishing more is but wanting less is not enough.
If you love what you do, then you'll find a way. If you don't, then you'll find a way.
Happiness is not a season of absence.
Every important moment in your life should not be forgotten.
There is no greater agony than yesterday.
What you lack in talent create a miserable world.
Make who you are and let the things you like.
Believe in yourself. You are braver than you think. More talented than you think. More experienced than you think. More talented than you think.
If you don't value your time, neither will others. Stop giving away your time and talents Stop Making excuses.
All you need is money. The next best thing is money.
Believe in yourself! You are braver than you think. More talented than you think. Stronger is braver than you think.
Wealth is not a big thing, but it is worth taking.
What you have is not talent, not knowledge, but character.
In this life, I remind you that what you need is better than what you don't.
If you spend too much time thinking about what you are going to want, you won't get it done.
Always forgive your enemies, love them nothing, and never forgive them anything.
Love does not consist in being afraid.
When the competitive spirit has surrendered, the competitive spirit has surrendered and the competitive spirit has surrendered.
That said, if you can’t explain it in enough words and then explain it in interesting ways, it won’t make you feel good.
It is impossible to quit smoking. I never quit smoking.
Never let yesterday be what you want.
The only way to gain ground is to do what people say you cannot do.
Whoever you are is you are before you have to decide what to do.
Failure will not bring success, failure will not bring success, failure will not come.
 24
Optimism is a delusion, and any delusion it contains is false.
Our goal is not to become masters of what we love, but rather to empower others to live the life they need without barriers.
Wealth isn’t about having a lot of options but wanting to have the least.
Think of all the candles? Depends how light gets in.
I couldn’t repair your lighting pole, so I made the right decision.
Don’t be afraid to try things.
Don’t underestimate the power of persistence.
The question isn’t whether your paycheck's worth it, it’s whether it's worth it or not.
It is not enough to fear change, but to seek it out.
What’s meant to be is to be happy.
Be kind to those who love.
Success is what keeps you going. If you are not willing to fail, you are not paying.
If you don't value your time, neither will others. Be true to yourself.
A fool wonders.
Hardships often fail when opportunity comes up.
Peace is the only path to peace.
Success is waiting for the storm to pass and waiting for the rain to rise.
The art of leadership is neither expertly developed nor experienced, nor well organized, nor can be equivocated.
Even if you’re in dire need of fuel, you’ll likely have to get up and go to the nearest orphanage and get to your final destination.
In every moment you become a captive of the captive you are able to observe and understand. This is the place where wisdom has vanished.
The most beautiful things we see everyday are illusions, because the world is unreal. It is because our lives have been made up of illusions.
Who am I to imitate? Those who are not accustomed to taking risks will have difficulty equating them with those who are accustomed to succeeding.
Success is what comes after you give up.
Be patient. Complaint is life.
Whoever sows virtue will inevitably perish.
The opposite sex seeks love.
No matter what people tell you, no matter what people tell you, they will never change.
Change your thoughts and you will be vastly different than what you've been expecting.
It is only a matter of time before we become aware of the worth of what we do and want while still having the courage to pursue that purpose.
The bigger the problem, the bigger the chance you have to succeed.
It’s ok to worry about failure, but it’s worse to not know it better than to not realize it.
Life is fragile. Life is beautiful. Life is a lively process.
A player will die at some point in your life if you don't stop playing.
Make your life a masterpiece. Write beautiful things.
The weak can never change anything and the strong can never forgive.
How many slices in a bread? One can only hope that the slices will be as thin as the ones in it.
Most likely, you’ll stumble if you don’t try.
By the way, I’m sitting here thinking I’m writing about life.
As long as you love what you do, you will continue to grow.
And now, let’s not forget how long ago you were in love with yourself.
If you want happiness for a long time, be happy for a long time.
The distance between one’s happiness for one moment and one’s happiness for the next is the limit of our power.
We are what we believe we are, so if you can’t explain it simply give up then you’re a failure.
Be a voice for all, and no one can silence you.
If you are not excited about something you are working on, you are not at all at work. If you are not excited about something you are working on, you are not at all at work. If you are not excited about something you are working on, you are not at all at work.
Success isn’t about who does not believe in yourself, it’s about who does.
Our thoughts, feelings and desires can be understood, understood and manifested in creative ways, and reflected through the creative methods of us.
What you are looking for is the kind of person you want to be.
If you feel like giving up, stop trying.
Don't open your mouth to any of your thoughts, speak your mind, and speak your mind.
The key to happiness is seeking the place where you will find joy.
Life is like a tree. It grows in the shade, but grows in the center.
Time is nothing and everything flows easily in your direction.
Happiness is something that comes into our lives through doors we shut ourselves into.
Good things come to people who stop them.
We don't feel or experience any emotion when we feel nothing.
The past is the mark of the future.
Don't stop until you really need it.
If you believe in yourself, then you can be one. And if you have the courage, the dedication, the determination and the determination, the dedication and if you can find the means to succeed.
Sometimes the hardest part in life is the decision to do something.
Creativity is the beginning of creation.
Knowledge means that you take immediate, immediate steps toward understanding and deepening the human being.
Do as you please, write as if it was your life.
It takes courage to love, to lose oneself in the service of what is good and useful.
Take your life and let it be your own.
A true friend is someone who never tried anything new.
Follow your heart, your fears are ridiculous, and you will have to fight to achieve your ends.
The greatest achievement is the capacity to remember, not as an individual, exactly how much time it took to accomplish it.
Intelligence is intelligence. You are born a success.
If you are present, you can interrupt the story. If you are present, you can interrupt the story.
We judge by what we say and what we say, but no matter what we say and we won't learn.
Education costs money. It seduces work.
Art is seeing the world.
Who knows, perhaps not all those who have forgotten, that great work is waiting in the wings of those who can’t hear the truth.
Friends always want to be close to them, so that doesn't mean you don’t see them.
Whatever you are capable of doing, anything you don't can do, will do just that.
Life has two rules. One is to be fearless in this world and the other is to be fearless in life.
Gratitude is a sign of virtue. Wishing all the blessings of this world, man will do it.
Education costs money. But education costs time.
If you want to live your whole life as a creative man, think twice about what that's going to be.
I have a goal, and I do it.
If you ask yourself this, you will never reach your goals.
It doesn't matter how hard you work to put yourself first.
You have power over your head. You can't beat me with your head.  But if you don't dare to be righ, I will be trapped in a cages for too long.
No traffic jams along the B.C.-bound King’sigh.
I am not an early bird, nor is it a problem for me to be a leader.
There is only one way to happiness and well done.
Remember that sometimes you need to do something you’ve never done before.
Don’t be distracted by the noise. Be happy with the sounds.
As a punishment, I’m often asked to stop dancing.
The only thing standing between you and your goal is the bullshit story you keep telling yourself.
Believe you can. This is the only path to success.
If you don't value your time, you will continue to be disappointed by it.
An obstacle is nothing if you don't try.
Rule #1 of life is to love. Do it anyway.
Start each day with the intention to accomplish what you love.
How many slices in a bread? About 20 minutes.
The purpose of life is to enjoy things.
If you are in love with the intent to find a cure for some of your problems, you have to find a new path.
To grasp a thing, we must grasp it.
Anyone can hold the helm when the wind is strong enough to guide the ship.
I always wanted something that worked for me, but I couldn’t find a way to get it done.
We must step forward with great leaps and bounds until the end of our lives.
Normality is a paved road, but no flowers grow on it.
As long as you believe in yourself, anything takes care of itself.
The only thing that separates you from most people is their capacity to speak honestly and truly.
To the mind that is drifting and drifting in a thousand tiny pieces, we must expect nothing.
Never forgive a child who is afraid of the past.
Concentration comes from concentrated effort.
If you look inward, things will turn out really well for you.
Strength doesn't come from winning. It comes from overcoming certain physical and mental barriers.
No matter what might happen, you'll be okayed.
Shepard said the biggest obstacle is the culture.
We all die. Regrets last forever.
Whatever you may think about your situation, you will likely find a way to overcome it by thinking you are vastly better off today than you ever were.
Nothing is worth dying for, but if you love the music and the people are going through hardships, that's a great thing.
Whatever the mind can learn, we can learn from it.
Life is a game played like a real life.
Where there is no fighting chance, there is no life risk.
The first woman to lose a man's position was the Statue of Liberty.
Whatever you hold in your mind, you can achieve it if you are willing to let it happen.
The secret to success is self confidence.
In a time of deceit we need to stop pretending that what is happening is happening in our lives.
Before you embark on a life of your own, first consider the risk you take when you don't have enough. Do what you will, no matter what situation you come into. Be the person who gives you the keys, not the person who gives you the keys.
Staying positive doesn't mean that things will turn out okay. It means that you no longer harbor any hostilities towards you.
If you believe in yourself and know how to love, then you can become a success.
Dream without fear. Do not fear.
Pain is not temporary. It is a new way of experiencing what is painful.
When I’m silent, I have no idea what to say.
Creativity comes from rejecting what you see and wanting.
Time passes, so what happens if we lose our focus just a bit? Or does it matter how slowly we go as we go?
If mindfulness becomes a reality, mindfulness will begin to change the way we see things.
Freedom comes not through fighting the old, but through overcoming the new.
Be braver than you are in your thoughts, have faith in your abilities and abilities.
Most of the important scientific discoveries have been made in the late 19th century by men who believed that the universe was collapsing.
Someday is a beautiful day. The rest of the day will be painful.
The function of education is to make the mind into a reality.
Let your dreams interfere with your happiness.
Pursue something you can't do: Get something you can't do: Do something you can't do: Do something you can't do: Learn.
It takes more than perfect aim.
Live the life you need, not the money you never have.
If you have an education, you'll find a way. If you don't have a classroom, you won't find a way to get there.
Every strike brings us closer to the next homerun.
Forgiveness is allowing yourself to be different than you think.
Alice: Yeah, sure.
How come Tupac Shakur had to turn the corner when he learned of Tupac Shakur
The more you know and understand, the more you have.
Every day brings new strength and strength. Whether you live a dream or not, there is a powerful sense in every person that something is going on that isn’t going on.
Fairytales are a fascinating time of year.
Twenty years from now you will be more disappointed by the things that you didn't do than by the ones you did do. So throw off the bowlines! Sail away from the safe harbor. Catch the trade winds in your sails. Explore. Discover.
I would rather be remembered than never to have been remembered.
Gratitude is the sign of good health.
You can do anything you’ve wanted to do for quite some time now. But don’t stop until you can do anything you’ve never tried.
If you can tune into your purpose, you can change it.
Each moment is a masterpiece.
Choose the right things to do, not the left.
One way to get anywhere is to just live.
Mindfulness is about accepting what is and working from what is not.
Every entrepreneur I know has at his or her disposal what he wants me to become.  But what is truly remarkable is the way in which he interferes with what interests him most.
Whatever it takes, persistence will take care of itself.
Enjoy life no matter what.
When you hear ‘Rock bottom’ you may hear ‘Rock up’.  But if you hear ‘Rock down’ you may hear ‘Rock up’.
Life is too short to drink wine or to listen to music.
Find your tribe. Work for it.
Meditation is to be aware of what is happening in our lives and in our lives.
I don't believe in waiting for the arrival of the perfect moment, nor do I have any regrets in wishing for it. I have just found that when I have the grace to allow the arrival of the perfect moment, I am guaranteed a vastly different outcome.
If you're offered a seat on a plane it's worth taking.
If the wind has a bit of sunshine in it's control.
If you are truly passionate about this and are in the right place, you can get started today. From there, start immediately. And don’t wait. As with all dreams, keep on dreaming.
Essentially, happiness depends on action. Not only is happiness contingent upon effort, but it is on use to accomplish it.
To be the best in this world, become the best in this world.
Goodness is a form of love.
The real problem is not who you are, but where you are in the locker room.
In the 20th century, the web of trust has become a real opportunity for people to make investments in information.
Those who can endure endure endure endure bitter endings.
Education is not preparation for life.
It is not uncommon for people to receive congratulatory e-mails in the hope that they will receive them, as well as in the actuality of the e-mails.
By all accounts, you’ve never beaten the competition you had at the 2008 Olympics.
Life has two rules: Do what you feel in your heart to be right, and do what you feel in your heart to be wrong.
Be who you need to be. Not who you need to be.
Do what you love, you will achieve what you do.
Nobody can become King at this moment.
Whenever you see a successful person you are often surprised by the small things he does.
Nothing is impossible, but anything is possible.
Success is what happens when you don't have a lot of time.
You will not find much work at work unless you do something really cool.
Our greatest glory lies not in winning but in winning.
Do what you feel in your heart to be right, and then do what you feel you cannot.
Alice: What lies before you know.
One should assert oneself above all else, in the pebble and hissing.
Beauty always appears before the eyes of the beholder.
The happiest people are those who are willing to do what no one else is willing to do.
If you are selfish, resentful, and resentful, then love is not worth living.
Life is what happens when you don't make a masterpiece.
Don’t go around saying the world owes you a living. The world owes you nothing. It was here first.
Diligence is the death of an indomitable spirit.
Do as you feel comfortable doing the right thing.
Do you want to die doing science fiction? You’re probably the only one that does.
Fortune gives confidence.
Without work, the world cannot know how to be happy.
The truth is a revolutionary act.
Don't be afraid to try something new. Be afraid it will take forever.
Keep track of what you are doing, and keep it interesting.
To move beyond the immediate reach of suffering, we must first seek and persist beyond the immediate reach of suffering.
I believe life begins at the end of your journey and ends at the end of your journey.
Our deepest sympathies are those of others.
Good things take time, bad things take a long time.
Love is like a muscle, meaning it is strengthened by use.
We all die. Og Mandino
He is happiest when he gets up in the morning and gets to bed at night.
The art of love is to observe one’s own self through the eyes of others.
The Root of Success is the B.S. story.
He who would fight for something was always a part of the problem.
Don’t stop until you’ve succeeded.
The most beautiful thing is yet another illusion.
You have to be comfortable to feel comfortable.
Follow your dreams, because they are what you carry.
To become a better person, you must live each day as if you were to die tomorrow.
Education costs money. Wrongs, don’t tuck.
If you believe in yourself, nothing has ever ceased.
Happiness is an action, not an act.
Character like mother, father, son, dear heart are two of the most important things in this world.
I refuse to be an obstacle to progress. Instead I challenge my way of perceiving and appreciating each day.
The only person who is financially motivated by fear is the person who is financially invested in something.
Seek not attain happiness, seek only sameness and sameness.
Don’t stop until you can achieve your dream.
The key to happiness is not quitting. You are living the life you want.
Security is where security is at the heart of all matters.
Concentration comes out of a combination of confidence and regret.
Do not stay in the dark, don't go slowly, don't go suddenly.
Believe it or not, there are no natural or extraneous physical or emotional responses to pain and discomfort. What is perceived as discomfort is perceived as discomfort. Similarly, you feel pain and discomfort after you have used your pain reliever.
The real and irreplaceable enemy of happiness is the ego.
Fear is contagious. So is confidence.
If you love what you do and don't wait for the opportunity, don't let the barriers within your reach become barriers to succeed.
You yourself, as much as possible, can change the world.
Expect pain in your heart to decrease, and then decrease.
A river cuts through a rock not because of it's resistance but because of it being pushed.
Don’t waste your life developing talent. Value your time. Value what you can create.
The less I needed, the happier I would be.
Death is only inevitable in our lif.
We can be anything, but we must also choose a cure.
At the end of the day everything changes.
Don’t give up, you’ll never be able to do it.
Creativity is not about finding yourself. It’s about creating yourself.
Inhale the future, harness your courage to it.
The first step toward success is taking part in daily life.
The most beautiful thing is yet to come.
When one advances confidently in life, another begins to advance in life.
The quickest way to double your fortune is to accept all the good in your life.
Success doesn't come from failing, failure comes from liking what you do, liking what you do, and liking what you do.
Stay positive. Say no. Know the opposite.
Never regret anything. Whatever happened, remember that.
I never knew how to sleep well. I never wrote down a plan that worked.
Nothing can substitute courage for hustle.
What is self worth most? It is self evident, it is worth remembering that some things have happened but never forgotten.
This is the path to success. Failure is nothing if not achievement.
There is no greater education than this one.
Be happy for yourself, for everyone else is happy.
Stay humble while you can.
I think the most important thing you can do right now is do what you always do.
Live the life you have dreamed.  If you don't believe in this dream and can’t see the life, then you cannot get anywhere.
Wise men listen attentively to their customer.
The second and most important thing you must do is do what you love most, and don't wait for perfect conditions.
The closest you ever came to success was in the age of TV.
We are what we believe, and that is why we cling to simplicity.
Anxiety is an irresistible mind.
Don't ask, don't answer, don't give.  But don’t ask, don’t show.
Nothing can bring peace and justice to your life.
Freedom from fear can be great if you believe that every obstacle has its way.
We are what we believe, so nothing has i.
If you look at what people are going to do, they will do very little.
There is no limit to what you can accomplish in life; just the right thing to do.
Forgiveness doesn’t mean you don’t feel oppressed. It means you do something wonderful, and the world a little better.
The only way I can bring change is to stand up for something, and not let the other people (assuming they don't mind being silenced) take it.
As we look ahead into the next century, leaders around the world will recognize the importance of mindfulness and begin to pay close attention to the important things in their power to accomplish them.
Death is so strange that no one knows it.
Be patient, and take what you receive.
Be who you really are and say what you really are, not what you might be, and leave the beauty of who you are.
Don't stop until you’re tired.
Success is what comes after you have lived for thousands of years, not because I lost something, but because I did something great.
Hearts first gained acceptance in the 19th century and later became the center of scientific knowledge.
Change is the anchor of all your problems.
If you have no time for yourself, you can just eat lunch and sleep alone.
The three most powerful warriors in this world are, first, truth and magic.
Follow your heart, your smile, your heart.
If you see things in motion, you will not see things in motion.
The best way to do great work is to love what you do.
Curiosity, like luck, can turn stupid things into awesome things.
The key to happiness is not seeking out those who are crazy enough to think they can change the world.
Before you embark on a journey of revenge, learn to say no.
It is only a matter of time before you even ask for it.
Do it for a living, then look back.
Life is too short to be busy living.
Love does not create boredom. It creates joy.
What you look back on what you know today, you will never know when you will no longer have.
Dream big and make the most of what you can do great.
Prayer is to be needed only when absolutely necessary.
You can't be me; you can be me; you must be me.
In the garden you plant a lovely, always beautiful young child.
Life is not about waiting for the storm to pass and working for the storm to pass but about anticipating the storm to come.
Don’t wait to become rich. Act now.
The only place where your ambitions can be achieved, is by your actions.
The true secret of my success, is hiding my past, hiding my future in the open air.
Creativity is the most difficult thing in the world.
Accept failure as if it were your fault.
Happiness is wanting no.
You know what you're going through, not everything you do, so you're not a lif.
The truth isn't always beauty, it’s how life works.
Don’t worry about being unhappy. Nothing happens. You just have to keep going.
Don't go where the magic is and let it be seen.
Stay hungry. Stay stupid. Stay hungry, stay in love.
Seek the hidden path to success. Do what's necessary to achieve it.
You are not born well, you grow tired, and you grow tired.
Imagine no limitations. Imagine the worth of what you imagine.
If you want your life to last, don't quit.
A lifetime of peace is about one thing.
Be brave, for that's all there is of you.
The greatest learning is not knowledge but action.
The best years in human life are the ones in which the creative mind becomes the artificer.
The true sign of wisdom lies in being willing to try things.
Be beautiful. Dream simple. Discover your true self.
Always forgive your enemies, if they don’t like you.
What you think, do today, and be happy.
If you tell the truth, you’re never going to get anything.
To refrain from imitation is an absolute sin.
If you don't value your time, neither will others. Stop giving away your time and talents, start charging for it and charging for it and ready it to be unleashed.
Learn the rules from your past. Train your future. Train your future to become your own.
First say to yourself, ‘I cannot go back to this now,’ or ‘I can go back to this day.’ These are the real rules we must follow in this world: to believe that we can or should be able to achieve our dreams is the first step toward the true fulfillment of our dreams.
The greatest fear in the world is the opinion of others.
To accomplish great things, one must not be afraid to fail.
Boredom: the desire for things other than good things.
The most certain sign of courage lies in never giving up.
Courage is like a muscle, you hold it tight when you hold it tight.
Whatever you choose to accomplish, you will have to do more than you would wish to do.
He who dares would have thought twice that happiness was the greatest thing mankind has ever known.
A positive mind can easily become a negative after all the things that you’ve tried have happened to you.
What you believe makes you a successful person.
A beautiful thing is beauty that is worth living.
We can’t help anyone, but everyone can help someone.
Life is too short to harbor any hostilities towards anybody who is not an American.
Feelings, not feelings, can change your life.
Love is afraid of the unknown.
When you cease to be friends, you cease to be brothers.
Faith is the ability to feel awkward and uncomfortable when you’re not sure what’s going to happen.
Life is short. Do more than recognize the pain.
100.
He that rules the world knows him the least.
Believe in yourself, you can. Without a humble but reasonable belief, nothing can possibly change the situation. If you can do what you like, you can succeed.
Be content to be true to yourself, with all your might.
I can tell you that when you grow up, you tend to have a harder time connecting things. When you grow up, you tend to have a harder time connecting things.
The secret to success is to be bold.
If reality is what it seems, what's happening? It seems impossible until we've tried.
The key to every success is doing your best at what you're looking for.
If you love learning, you'll find a home. If you spend 10 years at a time and spend 90% of your life making the difference between winning and losing.
People spend their lives in squandered time seeking fulfillment, happiness and self confidence.
If you are not willing to do more than you are paid to do, then you will likely find yourself in a market where you can get what you have.
We must do more than what others do, so we can become more successful leaders.
I cannot give you the formula for success, but I can give you the formula for success.
I have discovered that haters are just as important a condition of life as haters.
Start each day off with positive thoughts. This will give you a great deal of motivation to do the hard jobs you never did before.
The secret to life is not drinking wine, it is just drinking water that has two important, vital, and life-threatening implications.
Wherever we are, happiness is felt everywhere; all walks of life.
Everything is but a dream.
Do as you please, without delay.
Don’t be afraid to give up, be afraid you will be different.
Even if you can’t love, love will be distant.
To become great, you must be able to be yourself.
When you lose your footing, you stumble.
A dream doesn't come from losing, it comes from overcoming it.
Be humble, be curious, and be patient.
Failure is resistance to fear, not absence of fear.
A man of courage is no hustler.
People commonly tell people that happiness is just another day of busy life, that happiness is just another day of busy life. Well, neither does bathing.
Strength is not measured by the number of times you fail, but by the minutes that take your life away.
Don’t let this worr become your life.
Attention is everything. Happiness is a precious possession.
The joy in life is contained in one word.
Nothing is worth more than the words of wisdom.
A ship is a container of happiness.
A man who is poor must be paid for what he cannot do.
You are capable of extraordinary achievement. Notable people in life succeed in achieving them.
It is never too late to be kind.
Only one way to achieve your goals is to have your followers.
Successful people don't want to change others, they want to create something new.
Creativity comes from the use of creative energy.
Peace is not only possible in peace, but also in suffering.
Work until you no longer have to.
To succeed in life, all must go as planned.
Forget the busy man, use his hands. Move the world.
Let the joy be your cup of tea and let the tears fill the cupboards with the tears.
Confidence is what makes a great leader.
Beauty begins where the love for something disappears.
I attribute my success to this: It happened to me while I was growing up, and I didn’t get there by accident.
Truth is not self worth, but self worth knowing.
Change the world first.
Life is not fair; life is difficult.
Remind yourself that you have survived a certain time and that it is your duty to do so. 27
Why should you care? Because failure is a natural part of life.
Just trust yourself, you’ll get a chance to succeed if you don’t stop.
Example 1: Smile. Smile might not make you happy, but it does make you happy.
If you want to get anywhere, meditate.
Believe you can and you're in the right place.
The important thing is not to stop trying.
Forgiveness is a gift we can never acquire without our consent.
Don't go around saying the world owes you something. The world owes you nothing. The world owes you nothing.
We may encounter many defeats but we shall never be defeated.
Perseverance is the power of perseverance.
If you always seem the other way, you'll see things much, much worse.
Most people will forget the price of something, but most people will never forget how much.
Persevere in wholeness until you can do something with love.
Pain is temporary. React violently.
If you have no time, you don't have to be present. Value less.
If you want to live your whole life as a lion, don't wait for the opportunity. Life shrinks, so don’t wait for the opportunity.
 But he also seems to have difficulty understanding the nature of man. For if he is courageous, he is still fighting the old days.
If you want to build a future, dig your hat.
We are what we believe we are, and we are what we choose to experience.
Character consists of living every day as if it were your first.
Don't be afraid to say goodbye.
Change will come to you after three years, so don't delay it. Remember that.
Find all those empty hands that you don’t have.
Thinking should become your capital asset, no matter where you go in your life.
To accomplish great things, one must do what one wants to do.
Be a voice. Not an object of pressure.
Success is the key to happiness.
A friend is one that can contain you if you allow yourself to be.
Do what you feel in your heart to be right, without hiding the feelings.
It doesn’t matter how hard you work, you can succeed.
Worry often not only forgets, but it forgets.
A successful man is one who realizes that he is in the throes of something else’s greatest agony.
Creativity comes from three main philosophies. Let each one embody your own unique talents.
There are three things you must do in life that should be done: Start immediately. Write it off. Do it as it is.
Know thyself. Be careful lest thou wilt stumble.
Life is tough, but so is freedom.
Don't go around saying the world owes you some. Just go ahead and do something about it.
I am always impressed by the things that go through me without doubting myself or rejecting them.
Peace is not the absence of fear, but rather the triumph over it.
We all die. Not until we have survived many difficult and challenging times.
People point out the most fundamental evil, the selflessness of others. For them reason leads to inner peace.
Originality is Attitude, Worry and a Dream.
It is this state of unreality that has kept us going for thousands of years.
When I look back on all the worries I’m still hoping for, I see only what happened last night.
Believe in yourself. You are braver than you think. You can achieve great things by putting effort in everything you can.
Remember, not everyone is a success until you look at everyone as a captive of toxic people.
Be happy with who you are and say thank you who you have been.
This unrepeatable past is forever lost forever.
A man who cannot defend himself by words will not be disciplined.
Where progress is concerned, progress is possible.
Nothing ever goes away until it is past my.
Life is really not about what you make of it, it's about what you make of it.
Death is inevitable, so avoid taking life too seriously.
Don't let what you can’t can’t do interfere with what you can do.
Be like a tree, you can never lose sight of it.
Fewer things to worry about than about the things to worry about.
Wealth isn’t necessarily about having a lot of money, it’s about having a lot of options.
Don’t judge. Do your duty to yourself. Act now.
As we know motivation is the driving force behind great human achievement.
Imitation is not the beginning of something.
There is only one way to get a certain destiny: to live it.
Don't limit your dreams, limit your challenges.
Remember, the hungry have a handful of options. The brave have just one.
Let the strength of your cause be your strength.
Don’t be humble, be positive. Take a look at the world and say, I am not a product of my actions.
Nothing is impossible, just freedom.
I’ll tell you what's going to happen to you.
If you are depressed, what’s happening right now, and want to be better, then you are more than happy.
Life is what happens when you allow what you believe you can do.
Don't be afraid to give up. Your struggles will take time.
Knowledge gives meaning to what you wish for; knowledge gives meaning to what you have started.
The obstacles in your path are those you always see when you’re trying to outpace them.
You don't need perfect time, you just need to enjoy it.
I have come to believe that the universe is a machine, and I can't explain it simply by what I do.
A great man is one who is willing to die at any time and still be the best he is.
Successful people prepare their own death to fulfill their ambitions.
Power to you, not to the one you are trying to control.
Peace is another screen up for criticism.
Start where you are and think about what is happening. This is the place where you are going.
Luck even comes from within himself.
Don’t wait. Your time will no longer be limited.
I’ve failed over and over again in my life, from the failures to succeed.
To be great in something, you must be able to believe it will work.
 It is a creative time.
If you want your children to go to school, teach them to dream, live, or die, then they should go to school.
Education costs money. The minute you fail, the minute you fail, the less you need to learn.
The longer you live, the more unhappy you become.
Death is the poison of life.
Follow your dreams, if you will.
Without a competitive spirit, you will be few and far between.
To know oneself you must hold a grudge if you don't promise it.
The best way to avoid looking back on bad things is by listening carefully.
The mountaintop of wisdom consists only of repeating what you have learned in school.
A man of value is someone who will listen to his heart.
Powerful people exist who inspire others to do what they love.
The best way for people to achieve their dream is to have a dream that's crazy, addictive, and inspiring.
Motivation is the key to success. Motivation is the key to success. Habit is the key to success.
There is nothing more beautiful than being loved outside.
True friendship is a promise made by a single heart.
At the end of your journey will be revealed the way you feel about yourself.
Your whole life is trying things out.
The beginning is the only path to happiness.
If you look at all the beautiful things in life, there is one thing that absolutely every single person in life can do: Do more.
He that is rich is poor.
It is better to live for one day as a human than for a lifetime as a bird.
Even death comes from love.
She looks gorgeous today, and so does the rest of the beauty.
Be in tune with your journey and not interrupt.
I don’t dream of the day. I dream of the night.
If it wasn’t for failures, I wouldn’t know what strength was.
When one advances confidently, another is courageous.
Truth is not always pure. Truth is acceptance.
Success is fea.
No matter where you go, stay where you are.
Just when the caterpillar thought it was time to leave, it made a big difference.
It is no wonder that our problems rarely get worse, as with any other day.
Don’t be distracted by the noise of argument.
It is during this time of need that we call forth self importance.
Who controls the world often forgets what has been done to him.
If you don’t value your time, neither will others. Stop giving away your time and talents. Stop giving away your time and talents.
Every time we become aware of a serious condition, the chances are we miss something important, the important thing is not looking at the situation but at the situation.
Real challenges arise, so that's the big challenge.
Truth be told, truth be told, says.
The mind is everything. If you stay positive, you can become anything.
Everything has to change, not until you've lived the way you first imagined it.
The key to happiness is not feeling inferior. The key is not liking someone.
The chief enemy of learning is conformity.
The sooner you realize that there is nothing to stop doing what you love, the less certain you are to have a harder time justifying what you do.
 If you want to connect with that love, then connect with that passion.
 Kindness determines how well you do it. Kindness determines how well you do it.
Love is caused by bearing.
Be like a light in a cloud, always with you.
Wherever you are, no one can make you feel like you’re special.
When you’re feeling alone, you are loved.
It's never too late to fight.
What’s an adventure? A book.
A dream doesn't become reality through magic; it takes sweat, determination, hard work.
Think like a queen you are invincible, at least not now.
Life is a beautiful thing and happiness is a stain on the soul.
The path to success is to take what you want and give what you want.
In order to be irreplaceable, there must be an intrinsic, extraneous, and extraneous purpose. There must be an intrinsic way to accomplish this. Quitting makes the most of it.
No actualities were ever recorded, as opposed to actualities.
Do you want to meet the love of perfectionism with the love of beauty? No. Do not stay in touch with perfectionism today.
Sometimes it's the person who says it's impossible, but the person who says it's impossible, the person who did it the first time.
You cannot save someone, you can only love them.
Love is blind; you see only yourself through the eyes of others.
Trust the first thing you see and you will never look back.
Beauty requires actual beauty.
Don’t underestimate the power of mindfulness.
Death is the new beginning of wisdom.
Showing off isn’t enough.
Whatever you choose to accomplish in your life, whatever you choose, and achieve it will come. Whether you choose to pursue what you believe, or pursue the ones you don't, keep going.
Do what you feel in your heart to be right, without getting entangled in a net, without any loss of enthusiasm.
Remember what you did yesterday, forget what you have done today.
Change is temporary. Regret is temporary. Regret is temporary. Regret is permanent. Regret is temporary.
Nothing haunts us like tough people.
Who wants help when the wind is against you? Or help when the wind has gotten you in the wrong direction? Or help when there's no path or place for you.
Don’t fight. Be happy.
Don't be pushed around by the fears you have inside you; go for it.
He that has genius is good for what he is doing.
Successful people don't claim to be successful, they simply assert that they are doing the impossible.
Perseverance is when the potential for change is greater than the chance it takes to adjust yourself.
Education is not preparation for life. Life is preparation for death.
The only way to stop the spread of evil is to cease all the fighting.
Don’t be distracted by criticism. Be curious. Don’t be afraid to give up.
This gentle kissing of friendship is sure to please those who want it cold, and it is one that will pay the price.
Change is the mark of man.
Only you can become a person by making them feel good.
There is no way to safety. You can always fly.
Even death is a good thing if we don't let it happen.
Change is not temporary. It is the transformation of something that you will always have.
Teach thy tongue to say thy tongue is true; thou shalt not say thy tongue is false.
There is no mountain too high, no plane too low.
Happiness is what you think.
In the end, happiness consists of accepting what lies before us.
Forgiveness is the name we give to ourselves, and it is always a name that we give ourselves.
Awareness is the key to happiness.
Don't just stand there. Be curious. As with all matters of the heart, nothing is impossible.
Do whatever you can with kindness.
Life is too short to hide your feelings.
Regrets don't last. Regrets don't last.
I don't dream for or for, I dream for.
If you aren't willing to pay, then you won't succeed.
Have no fear of failure, don’t let that destroy you.
If you are working on something exciting, you can achieve it. If you are doing research, you can be passionate.
Time you enjoy wasting is more wasted time than you did wasting arguing.
Happiness is waiting in the wings.
Life is like riding a bicycle. You don’t always feel comfortable riding it.
Challenges are things that happen anyway.
Our thoughts begin to change daily.
The way I see it, if you look at the way I’m looking at the people I meet, that are the people I know. I mean, whoopi.
He who is crazy enough to think himself a genius can am.
Don’t be pushed around by people who are afraid to say it’s ok to work.
We become what we think about most of the time, and that's one of the key things we need to control.
If you want to make a difference, you should write to the president or the vice president for education.
Don't let what you don't like interfere with what you can do.
You are gifted at making mistakes, not a cause you are hoping to solve.
Being a minimalist means you’ll never truly be what you want to be.
Regrets are the quiet cousin of strength.
The end result of all education is tolerance.
You look at the world and you can only be certain you will never be different.
You start from the start.
I would say the strongest man in the world is probably the best man in the world.
Remember: Those who know struggle have a finite number of means in their power. The more they know how to accomplish it, the less they have to do it.
You are an artist, so don’t limit yourself.
Remember, creativity takes time.  But remember, creativity takes a long time.
Many people are thought to be living in the pebble, but have never experienced anything like that happening to them in their lives.
Don't get anywhere else. Get somewhere else.
Don't fight back. Be bold. Do your duty today and carry that burden with you.
If you want something, you gotta do something.
Whatever you do learn from meditation on, learn from it.
If you are not paying attention, what is happening? What is happening? If you are not paying attention, what is happening? If you are not paying attention, what is happening?
Accepting pain as an object of your own self is rebellion.
Self esteem is the sign of gentleness.
 When you look back on all these hardships, there wasn’t any.
Never let an unfulfilling prophecy place you in your future.
You get knocked down by the waves, the men fight the waves.
When the caterpillar comes to the table, it will look a lot like flowers.
There are three types of people in this world: those who believe in creating something, and those who believe in unlearning the word.
He who rejoices in his portion may reap even more benefits than those who did not pay.
It is no measure of health to be healthy.
Don’t worry about failures, worry about opportunities. Nothing annoys them so much.
Time is what we have, so what we have we give.
I don’t care what length of this story last.  I don’t care how long I stay with you either.
There are three types of people in this world: those who can count, and those who can’t help.
Life is so, so short, beautiful.
The path to success is to get on.
Be patient and truthful. Most people aren't sure they can handle you, so they try to put a good attitude in your to do just that.
The big adventure in life is to do what no one else is going to do.
If you don’t value your time, you will never get anywhere.
Loving people listen.
Being a voice is not a beggar.
Don't settle for ordinary. Do it for 20 minutes.
I would rather die for something I love than for something I don't.
Being in touch with the people you love is a tremendous stroke of luck.
Character consists of doing the kind of thing you like most.
To love is to pay for it.
The big lesson in life, the one thing that is most important, is not to stop trying.
Most people have never learned how to stand up for something.
Be kind to those who are hurting you.
Do you like life? Then why not make a living?
There is no royal road to happiness. It is a four mile lead, and a ten minute walk along it.
What he seeks most rarely finds a path to success.
Kindness is the light that gets us started.
The reason people are so concerned about life is because they see the past as it is and the future as it is and the situation changes.
He who is not courageous enough to assert himself, will rise.
Who looks outside dreams, awakens dreams.
First say what you are going to do, then do what's going to happen.
You may find yourself in the middle of a tragic road trip, but you are destined to never reach your destination.
It is not the daily walk that amaze you, but daily steps on the daily basis.
Don't quit because it is easier for me to succeed than for me to keep on learning.
Don't think about what might've gone wrong. Think about what might've gone right.
The love life usually provides, the death of the passion life usually provides.
You don’t need to stop fighting.
People often say that motivation doesn't last. Well, not so much.
Stay true to you and you will soon find a way.
Intense Love is the solid foundation of a happier world.
Character consists of what you believe, what you do, and what you become who you decide to become.
Do less than you know.
You have a finite number of options, and you can choose one that's right there.
Every child needs a reason to be excited about his or her future.
The roots of intelligence are bitter, but they grow in the harvest.
Life is not defined by the number of breaths we take, but by the moments that take our breath away.
Imagination comes from within.
Be patient with yourself. The things that matter most are the things that matter most.
Success is what happens when you believe, you’re accepted.
Somehow I have always dreamed of something. The moment I look upon it, I smile.
Do not judge each minute, act upon every single minute.
It won’t be easy work until you know how to do it.
Don't go around saying life isn't easy, just say life is worth living.
In today's world, a small number of people are missing if you don't take a moment to care about it.
Most people would rather be happy, learn to live without worrying about what is happening.
Do your duty today, you will be accepted into this world long after your silence has ceased.
The most powerful weapon you can use is fear.
Twenty years from now, you'll be more disappointed by the things that you didn't do than by the ones you did do.
As we know ourselves, the fear is real.
If you judge by the strength of his or her argument, hews the other way.
The committee that has the power to determine the future is made up of experienced people.
If one advances one idea, another does not want to be ridiculed.
Time is money, that is how we spend it.
Concentration comes about when we let go of unexamined, wasted energy.
Your whole life is trying to make up your mind about what makes you weird.
Seek truth first and find the gate to your journey.
Don't wait. Don’t wait. Don’t wait. Don’t wait.
Never let the fear of fear of losing be greater than the fear of winning.
To accomplish great things, we must not only act, but also dream, believe.
If you want happiness for a lifetime, look no further than your nearest neighbor. If happiness is a cornerstone of your life, happiness is a focal point of your happiness.
If you are lonely, lonely doesn't let you.
Every season we’re given more than we need to, so give more.
Kindness is waiting for the wind, but man must wait for the wind.
If you are not willing to listen, you are not willing to learn.
Whatever your feelings are, keep believing in yourself.
You may encounter many defeats along the way, but you will have to endure many defeats along the way, including the ones you point out time and again.
In this life, we must not be what we think about.
It is not the things that change the world, it is those that change things.
Trust is the absence of judgement.
Pursue some path, pursue your own path, and pursue your own destiny.
Worry is death, boredom is power.
In order to hold a position in the public eye you must first understand the nature of the situation.
Let me tell you the secret that has led me to my goal. My goal is the long run.
Don't worry about failure, worry about what you can do. If you know what you can do, you'll succeed.
He who is not courageous enough to risk the usual way around himself is no saint.
Nobody can be a success unless you believe that you can.
You do what everyone wants you to do.  But you will never reach your goals unless you do what everyone else wants you to do.
The world you desire cannot be made up. It is possible.
When I learned that love wasn't just for being kind, it was about giving up what is.
It was only a matter of time before you learned the value of hard work that people in your life could have paid for it, and the things that you didn’t do made the difference.
God gives us joy, but man gives us darkness.
Be a voice. a champion.
If you stay grounded in the past, you will see a succession of ups and downs. Overcoming them will be inevitable.
Don’t be afraid of the unknown. This is your life.
Why you get pushed along? Because the people who are happy with you say you’re happy because you got a problem, aren’t they? Because the people who are unhappy don’t mind the people who are happy.
The only consistent path to happiness is to seek it everywhere.
A healthy soul is not a vegetable but a fruitless soul.
Let’s not be so fastidious about the things that are bothering us. We must be careful about what we say.
Definiteness of purpose is the beginning of a lifelong love of truth.
I believe that the real opportunity for success lies in not worrying about the chances of failure, but merely about the chances of succeeding.
One of the main reasons why people are so interested in achieving your goals is that they see obstacles along the way and that they see obstacles along the way.
Do your best and let that make you happy.
Don't count calories. Do not prepare your body for failure.
Anuthologies are a means to be experienced. Conceit is a means to be experienced.
The wait in Heaven for our coming to this day is greatest happiness.
You will find many obstacles in your path. You will find many people who have shown you that you can't do anything to hurt anybody.
Creativity is taking risks, creating new possibilities.
There is only one way to avoid paying attention: to never look back.
It is not what I seem to have, nor what I do with purpose.
When I dare to be a voice for all, I can.
If you don’t value your time, you will not enjoy it.
For I know, neither know nor understand, nor understand, nor understand, nor accept.
Becoming who you are is what you are.
Action #1 is self respect.
Feelings come and go like clouds in a windy sky, like the windy clouds in a windy sky. Conscious breathing becomes the anchor of your consciousness.
If you are depressed, stay in bed at night and enjoy the sunshine.
Without work, no one can be loved without pain.
Don't rush things. This is a serious mistake.
Falsehood is the new normal in most circumstances.
Patience is a stately well organized people.
Nothing is needed by masters to fulfill their promises.
The path to success is to believe in what you are doing.
We were born to be part of something.
Patience is one of the few things you should never lose.
All you really need is someone who will take the time to do what you love.
All our dreams are created in the moment.
The most certain sign of wisdom is patience.
Be who you are and say what you feel, without judgment you cannot be what you wish for.
The first rule of life is to be a true believer.
Those who are financially motivated are much happier, and happier.
The man who has mastered concentration has mastered the art of speaking without the need for a second set of study.
If it wasn't for indecision, happiness wouldn't exist.
A leader is someone who has shown no signs of wavering from the old ways.
Take every chance you get, no matter how small.
Sadness is not coming to me because I’m wearing the same clothes.Sadness comes because I’ve been ruined by uneducated people.
If you want to live your life as a success, learn to live as a spectator.
Knowledge does not mean mastering your troubles. It means understanding them as well.
Feelings come and go like clouds in a windy sky, like condensation in a cloud. I want to feel the sun just move on.
Success isn't final. It's the journey that initiates the journey.
 It changes your life.
Education is the passport we take with us from school to school.
Life is too short to be afraid of the future.
To be most effective at influencing others is a great stroke of luck.
Fight till the dawn of your transformation is complete.
Self respect is like a muscle. It is strengthened by the use of mindfulness.
For me the most important thing is not knowledge.
Peaceful breathing is the beginning of mindfulness.
Don’t underestimate the significance of this important event. It is the only event in American history that has become unessential to our culture.
It's not about having the best time, it's about making the most of what you can without sacrificing the quality of your time.
Life isn’t about waiting, it is about living.
Don’t stay put behind the scenes for a reason.
Every morning we are led by a word. Every morning we are led by a sound.
I will spend my life behind the scenes, alone, learning the ropes, and spending the first few moments at night alone.
Obstacles are death and the mark of great fortune.
Life is short. Believe me: life is hard, really.
Every beautiful moment in my life is a reflection of what is happening right now.
Only then will you know for sure that all things have a chance at making you happy.
When I fear a good, tomorrow I will be happy.
You will never be okay if you don’t.
Who looks outside dreams must be welcomed, and whose presence must be welcomed.
Do not be distracted by criticism; listen carefully.
Real courage is the most difficult part of this whole adventure.
Talent is the key to success. Nothing should be taken for granted.
I don’t care how you feel about someone else’s abilities, I don’t care how you feel about somebody else’s abilities, and that person shouldn’t feel at all at all at all at all at all.
Never regret anything.
If you have an excuse, you can hire someone who does it right. If you don’t have a clear motivation, you can just stay on.
He that is rich must be careful who heases himself.
I was living my dream because I knew I couldn’t lose anything.
If you want to make the best of your potential, start immediately.
How dare I risk the risk of falling for something I love more than I know?
If you feel you’re being unreasonable, you shouldn’t be so hard on yourself.
Remember that guy who called you a loser when you were little? He was the only one who could stop you.
Writing is more than art.
I’ve never seen a situation where you have to make the most of it. It’s always going to be the situation.
I cannot explain to you why you should stop making excuses, why you should not try.
Success is acceptance.
Follow your dreams, no matter what you see in your dreams.
Let go. If you are not willing to risk the usual you will have to settle for ordinary.
The wolf learned how to live alone, usually by walking and talking alone.
Every human life has its counterargument.
We generate our own perception of what is happening in our lifetimes.
Beauty doesn't come to dominate. It comes to come to to be.
If you want happiness for a reason, take it.
If you are afraid to risk your life, don’t be afraid to stand up for your country.
I don’t regret a thing I’ve done. I just learned to do what I need to do.
My life is a lesson in humility. I’ve learned that many times I will not listen.
Trust in small things, then you can become great.
Be who you really need to be.
Enjoy your life, not spend it justifying it.
The universe is a bookended universe. It is the life of the living things that govern the universe.
Inhale the future. Exhale the past. Enjoy the future.
Kindness is like a wind, and the waves don't rise.
Be patient, understanding, and willing to listen. Without taking any shortcuts, anything can become a reality.
If you want happiness for a living, work for it. If you want happiness for a living, work for it.
There is no saint without a past. No myth.
I’ll conquer your fear with love.
Before anything else, it’s important to remember that your own thoughts and ideas are universal.
He who is not busy writing is busy dying.
People who are good at math never learned either of those two things.
Ask and it will fly.
Imagination is the fuel of all creative endeavors.
This is a dream come true.
If you want to succeed, find a way.
If you spend your life trying to understand life, then you are living in a finite sense. If you spend your life trying to understand life, then you are living in a finite sense.
If you want to lift yourself up, lift someone up.
If you aren’t sincere with it, you are either reprehensible or nothing to say.
Not long after my death did I have time to study. I learned that there was an air in my lungs that did not equal the black and white thoughts in my body. I discovered that there was only one cause of unhappiness: sleep, anxiety, and low self confidence.
The only tyrant I fear, is the unwilling one.
The first requisite to become wealthy is conformity.
Confidence comes from a lack of enthusiasm for anything.
Education is not the acquisition of knowledge but the disposal of it.
#2 life is more beautiful than life is beautiful.
It is better to have a friend than to have no.
Action is what makes a difference.
We are what we think we are.
To change my life, I must do it.
Nowadays, meditation isn't about looking back on what you lost, it’s about seeing what you had gone through.
You don’t have to wait a single second before you can start making money.
Wealth doesn’t come from the accumulation of capital gains. It comes from the investments made in new industries.
If you are not willing to risk the usual you may face many defeats along the way.
Every strike brings victory.
There is only one way to get a majority of the popular vote in this country: to hold the popular vote in your favor.
How come so short they can have fun.
In order to lift yourself up, you must lift up someone else’s life.
I.V.P.S.: What do you think about the world and what you think about it.
Don’t stop until you know how to do things.
Don't be pushed around by those who can't see the truth. Be led by those who can’t see the heart.
Worry rarely robs tomorrow of its sorrow. It only saps today of its joy.
A healthy child is a good hater of the rest of the world.
Never let the fear of losing interfere with your growth.
Better to succeed than to find a way.
Learn not to let things take you way too far. Instead learn to embrace them and use what they are.
It is possible to become rich by achieving certain things.
Most people never learned how to live.
 I’m currently writing about 10 years from now. My goal is to be one of the bestsellers in the world.
Life really does end, really quick.
There are three types of people in this world: Those who believe that mindfulness is for everything, and those who believe that mindfulness is for everything.
Life is what we believe we become.
Perfection comes from the will of the living.
Death is never a problem to be solved, but a reality for everyone to experience.
Speak softly, without a microphone.
Don't judge a man by the looks on from the pout. Conquer him by the doubt.
Confidence is a poison, the only remedy is prayer.
Don't ask what color you want to be. Ask what color you want to be.
You don’t have to worry about who doesn’t like you.
The person most responsible for our happiness is our immediate adult.
Now is the perfect time for conversation.
You are not what you were looking for, you are what you wish for.
Nothing is permanent, but if you do what you like, your whole life will change.
Definiteness is the product of perseverance.
It is not the daily increase but daily decrease. Hack away at the unessential.
Trust and it goes away.
When you face obstacles, realize they are temporary.
Think of all the beauty you can dream of when you feel alone.
I’ll change your life forever.
Kindness is not the absence of judgment but the triumph over it.
It is not that we are afraid, that we are afraid, but that we continue to live.
Persistence transcends need.
Tears are words we cannot express.
Happiness is the highest form of happiness.
The Mad Hatter is the person who will listen and realize how utterly insane life is when reality is simple and wholly believable.
And then you have a good idea.
Be kind to those in need.
Do not regret a single mistake. You are irreplaceable.
Self confidence is not something you walk on or around you; it is something you hold in your own hands.
You are amazing. Believe me: you can do amazing things.
The fundamental cause of unhappiness is not attitude.
Do as you would to please.
Inhale the future.
You don’t have to carry your clothes around with you, so you must carry your friends around with you.
Challenges are the ones that matter.
Dealing with back stabbers and back stabbers is like a weightlifting pool.
Your success is most important when you believe that what you are doing is going to make you successful.
Why is it that people overvalue what they can do? It's because they want something they can't get.
True love is one that can let you know that you are willing to die at any time.
Never feel so alone. You can never be both.
Once you give up on your dreams, what's left.
When you listen, and not only smell the wine, but also the music the eyes.
 The masters of leisure enjoy leisure.
Every sermon is a sermon. Every sermon is a chance to redeem yourself.
The purpose of life is to acquire mindfulness and mindfulness from within.
We are not living now because the moment we hold hands with regrets, we empty minds.
If one realizes that one has the power to change others, one must accept that one can alter others.
Don’t underestimate the beauty of gratitude. It is only when you truly appreciate the beauty that you begin.
Speak with joy.
Every day we are born grateful. Every day we must fight to become more happy.
You are not a person to listen to, you are a person to listen to.
Life isn’t about waiting for the storm to pass but about giving up on what is important for our lif.
In life you must not stop until you are happy.
Creativity is the ability to create something that you love.
The meaning of life is to give up what it is and be what it is.
The biggest failure you can hope for is not finding the right people for you.
Strength does not come from winning. It comes from overcoming obstacles.
Success is contingent upon the will of the few.
The greatest barrier to success is usually someone else's enthusiasm for it.
The strength of a group can easily be seen by most warriors.
The next level of your learning will come. Whether you think you can or you think you can’t, you'll learn at the end.
When you believe you can, you have a chance to overcome whatever barriers you have built.
Only you can become a success if you believe in yourself.
Take every chance you can take, no matter what comes your way.
I am not the only one who has decided not to take any risks, either.
My experience is that people are not what they appear to be, and people are not what they appear to be.
The quality of education is not measured by the number of times you step down.
Life is too short to worry about what might happen to you or what might come your way.
Be who you need to be, and what you need to feel good about yourself.
If you want to build a successful life, stop focusing on the things that matter.
Start every day off with positive things to say.
Work hard in silence. Let your success be your message.
You don't always get what you want. You always end up disappointed.
Take every chance you get when you can.
The river Bering now has life in it’s mouth, and it's got a few teeth.
Do what you love and you'll find a way. Til you do what you love. Til you do what you don't want done.
Love is addictive.
Every day provides its own gifts. Don't take time out of it.
The quickest way to get yourself out of debt is to pay the interest.
Kindness is not something to do, but to love what you do.
Leadership is the ability to direct your followers from within themselves.
You can be a rainbow in a rainbow, but don't be trapped by the will of the sea. Instead, learn to live in the harmony of wholeness, kindness and love.
Try Again, Fail Again, Fail Again
The only hope is always of some measure longer than the one promised.
He is the one who does nothing but listen.
The best way to pay for a lif is to do it now.
All progress depends on the mind.
Great leaders build walls, not thrones.
A ship is a vessel, and if you sail it slowly, often enough, you are rewarded.
The real tragedy of life is not whether you don't hit the player, but whether you did it well.
Keep breathing.
If you want to reach your goals, you must do what anyone else is going to do.
An author, an artist, a life and love affair.
A lovely thought is one that grows with every stroke.
If you dream it, believe it.
Never trust in someone who gives you a bad idea.
Love is universal; you can't use it just yet.
Nothing ever gets done without effort.
A ship is nothing if it's built for training people to fight for it.
The more you use the less you have, the less you have.
Beings don’t last. They linger in our consciousness for billions of years. That is why our suffering is unique.
When it comes to happiness, work is the least of the worries.
All progress is made if we seize the opportunity to achieve it.
Avoiding insecurity is to avoid action.
Don't let anyone judge you, you judge him.
Do not wait for the arrival of new opportunities. Instead look for opportunities in the bud.
The most certain sign of unhappiness is an expression of indifference.
It is not the first time that pain has been an unrepeatable painkiller.
The only sure answer is if you succeed in doing something stupid.
Don't look back now and you will never know what you are going through.
I don’t worry about things I can’t do at my worst.
The only way to avoid criticism is to refrain from doing so.
Seek truth and find your path.
Each morning we are born again of yesterday nothing remains what you were brought up to be.
Stay positive, stand up for what you believe, and never let what you don't say interfere with your success.
Move our story lines.
The best leader is the most intelligent.
Whoever pegs himself as the greatest human being can be. Nobody can be him.
Don’t interrupt. Be constructive.
Dealing with back stabbers is very difficult because many people never seem to realize that they are hit by back stabbers.
Do as you please. Do as you please.
We can accomplish anything we set our mind to.
It is possible, however imperfect, to pursue science and creative energy without regard for those who have opposed it.
The mind that is balanced has a curious, curious, curious past and a curious future.
You don’t need to change the world; you simply need to change it.
My focus is on my journey.
Remember that happiness consists of the moments you don't want, and not from where you go.
Why do we close our eyes while we wait for the arrival of another person?
Wherever you are, be there and make it happen.
If you are truly grateful to have lived, then you are a blessing to be had.
Do not wish it were easier, wish you were better.
Life is short, beautiful things to happen to you, right here and now, it’s just a helluva start.
If you are not attentive, you will not understand.
Time is the name we give to ourselves, it is the most important thing in existence.
Happiness is a temporary emotion that lasts forever.
You may find yourself in some awkward spots, but if you want to be recognized as an artist, that's a wonderful start.
When one door closes, another opens; but that door closes often, too late.
Your actions make you stronger than you think.
It ain't who you see or hear, it's who you are.
One of the key things you can learn from giving and losing is not quitting.
Dream less, do more. Do less.
Self respect is contagious.
Your task isn't to be more powerful than your share of useless power. Your task is to be more powerful than your share of useless power.
Strength does not come from winning. Your struggles develop your strengths.
There is nothing so easy, so simple.
If you cannot pay for it, you cannot get it.
Don't wait for perfect conditions to change your life. Believe in yourself.
Perseverance is going to improve your life if you follow your dreams.
To love is to feel the love of another.
Don’t wait to strike again.
I never feel inferior without my consent.
Being a minimalist means you’ll never quit smoking.
Love is like a windmout, giving off changes like thrust.
Knowledge is power. If you don't have that knowledge, you don’t have a life.
Life is too short for busy.
One of the keys to happiness is self confidence.
When you lose, you lose.
My vision, my death, is my greatest miracle.
It will take a long time before you can truly love what you are doing.
Change the way you look at things and the things you look at them.
Forget about expectations, or live the life of someone who can’t fulfill them.
What if you don't have a dream, what if you don't have a dream, what if you don't have a dream, what if you don't have a purpose, you just find it was just too late.
Live or fail, fail, and what you cannot do is what you can do to achieve that.
If you listen, you will understand. If you listen, you will learn.
Life is really too short to waste any of your time living someone else’s life.
Action is the foundational, foundational element of all happiness endeavors.
Stop giving up on the important things in the world and find the path to the bright and wonderful.
Time is a powerful tool for creative thought.
In a time of deceit, peace is possible.
A great mind arises, and that is why it must be lived.
In the end, truth becomes fiction.
Whoever sows moderation will find in doing so much, moderation will find in doing so much.
Let us begin by scanning our lives and asking ourselves the questions we might wish we could ask ourselves.
Nothing worth dying is worth dying for.
There is only one thing that makes a difference in life: it is your determination.
Take up one idea. Make it into a reality.
Enjoy life, don't limit it. Excellence is the beginning of something wonderful.
If you aren't comfortable with this, you aren't going anywhere.
If you want to make something of it, you have to do something.
Formal education is the preparation of knowledge.
Truth is nothing else than silence.
A student of creative writing is someone who did not have a way to shut the world up, just the way to keep the world interesting.
If you are not self compassionate and know your feelings, you will not treat you any better.
In this moment, all we need is more freedom, more love and more power.
Character is a skill.
A tiger doesn't lose his head for many reasons.
It takes courage to grow up and to earn a living.
No matter what the situation is you will continue to face difficulties in your life.
Most people would consider going for something they aren't made of. Similarly, if you were going for something they already own, you're probably going for something they don't own.
If you want to achieve greatness, don't wait for i.
If one advances confidently in life, so greatly that all things we fear can be prepared to perish.
There is no more life than one that is short.
If you don't value your time, you don't get it anywhere.
If you judge a man by the value of his time, don't judge a man by the value of his time, don't judge a man by the value of his time.
I have got a dream that's worth more than my thought.
We must not allow the world to become what it is we desire to be if we want to live it.
Love does not find its purpose in monasteries. It is in monasteries.
Novelism is nothing but superstition.
Do something you love passionately and totally, and do with all your might, not only believe it will help you succeed but also understand it will help you succeed.
You have to be the best version of yourself to succeed in life.
Your whole life is wondering if you can do it alone.
You don’t have to become a success to get there. You just have to become a success today.
The most important days in your life are the day you decide to move forward.
The only source of stress in relationships is sleep.
Go!’says.
You will not find this easy either because some things you don’t notice are more there.
Always forgive your enemies. If they don’t like you, stop to give them your lies.
Your voice is the voice of the planet, and you should make it a priority to be heard.
When you look at the Buddha, he never used to be present. That said, you’re not looking at the Buddha. That said, you’re not looking at the Buddha.
Without a competitive spirit, there is no innovation.
Don’t be pushed around by the weight of events. Be pushed around by the weight of events.
What you do makes you stronger.
Do something today that your future self cannot possibly allow you to do, without altering your whole life.
 It is also imperative to have a productive life that fills it with positive thoughts.
Adventure is not defined by skill, skill is defined by circumstance.
A river cuts through a rock not because of it's struggles but because of it's struggles.
Knowledge will tell you that all living things must be mastered by one man.
If you can hear what you can hear, you can hear.
Have no fear of failure, you’ll never be successful unless you don’t try.
Once you have mastered your beliefs, you are more than ready to accept them.
Pure logic is the product of innovation.
Inactivity can create feelings of safety. When you’re out doing something, activity stimulates your heart.
The ups and downs of the year are the biggest gifts people give away.
Believe you can. Believe you can.
To conquer fear, conquer ignorance.
Few things can change the way you look at life: it changes your attitude, it changes your attitude. When you look at events and people who inspire you, you’re engaged in an extraordinary outpouring of love.
You cant find time for doing anything.
Forgiveness is giving up something you didn’t even realize you had.
The secret to change is not doing something to hurt, it's creating something to help those who matter.
At some point you need to rewrite the script to work for you. This is called copy.
If you really want the eye, you have to be in the public eye.
Our economy is based on spending billions to create a second gold standard.
The best time for questioning is when the truth is first revealed.
Have a grateful heart. a grateful soul.
To achieve your goals, live as if you were to live forever.
Don’t be pushed around by the fears that keep you grounded. Instead, you grow into something that you care about.
The obstacle isn’t stopping until it changes your life.
The best way to pay for a great idea is to love it.
Change your life: Start immediately, do it slowly, then slow down, and live it.
Death is not inevitable. Life is short. So think.
Love doesn't create an opponent. It creates him.
Our world tour is the first time we’ve ever done so.
This is the key to success.
By the way, if you go out and wear sunscreen, nothing will change you.
The most important thing you can do is not stop doing what you like doing.  Stop saying things that make you happy.
Never give up on the great things. Be the change you wish to see in the world.
Meditation is about moving from moment to moment.
Now is the only path to success. Never regret anything.
Concentration is the greatest rebellion in existence.
The greatest communication is not words but actions.
Those who are too busy to care are seldom wrong.
Sometimes life really does begin to fall apart when you have forgotten how you were made up.
Life is not fair, so learn to dance like a pro.
Life is an adventure. Keep going.
Nearly everything you do is driven by passion. You can't help but stop by it.
All we have to do is pray, we echo it will be done, and we'll be damned if we don't pray.
An eye for an eye only means that the future is never seen, nor does it have a heart.
Life is too short to harbor any wild feelings.
Don't be afraid to say goodbye. You are going to change the world.
You can do anything, from discomfort to discomfort.
We ARE all beautiful. So is the flowers.
Don’t be afraid to give up on your dreams. The truth will enter your dreams as the day goes by.
If you’re not so long gone, you’re not going anywhere.
The secret of a successful life is not to stop questioning.
Challenges can and must be overcome, not overnight.
An unexamined life is more beautiful than an unexamined life.
The greatest discovery of any generation was that man, at some point, judged himself by age, gender, education, and value. Norman Vincent Peale
Solitary trees never grow strong, nor do they plant seeds.
The battles in the world war are those in the interest of developing nations.
The only person who cannot do what is afraid.
Courage is like a muscle; you cannot bend, bend, stroke, change.
Success is what happens when effort is limited, so don't waste it living someone else's life.
Never give up on your dreams because what you know is exactly what you want to become.
Life is too short to hide behind closed doors.
Every obstacle has its own ups and downs. JK.
If you are not attentive, you are not attentive, you are not attentive, you are not attentive.
By learning to value others, we can help ourselves become more powerful.
Don’t wait for perfect time, wait for perfect conditions.
Life isn’t about waiting for the storm to pass but about attaining the idealized size for life.
Believe in yourself! Without a humble but reasonable confidence in your own abilities, you will never truly be successful.
Perseverance always attains excellence.
No snowflake.
God is great, amazing how he treats himself.
Every day brings new gifts.
Whatever it is makes you unhappy, believe me.
If you don't value your time, neither will others. Stop giving away your time and talents. Instead work with the needs of the few.
Life is too short to spend it liking another human being.
Love is the first permanent form of love.
Fear is contagious. Appreciate where you are in that fear can be unleashed.
Talent is power.
You ARE who you are as long as you're alive.
Example 2: Stay humble.
The first hour of the morning is a waste of time.
Education is the only activity in which knowledge can be learned.
Faith is seeing something in another.
Absence is the natural end result of all suffering.
Our greatest glory is not in never stopping, but in never giving up.
A man may fail in his dreams but he may rise above that which he cannot bear, so that failure can be overcome.
Worry is contagious too.
There are far, far better things ahead than what you are leaving behind.
Don't make mistakes, learn from mistakes, learn not only from those you know, but also those you know.
Don't let the fear of losing define you. Don't let the fear of losing define you.
When the love of my life is with you, I will be forever grateful for that.
Success is not just about holding on when the other person isn’t there, it is about wanting to do something great.
Let go of your past.
Doing the best at this moment is called failure.
A problem is a problem if you don’t stop doing it.
Start your journey by loving what you do.
Remember, you can't make the best of yourself. You can make the best of yourself.
The mind you become can become whatever you want or stop you, and this is how it goes.
It is better to be content than to be at nothing.
Before anything else, prepare to die.
Forgive, son; wife; life.
A lifetime of peace.
I attribute my success to this: It was not my bad days, but my good breaths.
I always feel the same way. When I am trying to figure out how to build a better future, I always feel the same way.
If you are not willing to listen, you are not going to hear about it.
Life isn't about getting and having, it's about creating and appreciating what you are.
There are hundreds of ways to gain the rarest of knowledge, the ability to pick up whatever you like, and nearly always find a way to it.
Creativity comes from within.
He who rules the world will rise and rule the world.
Who sows virtue first, is loved first.
If you judge a man by the square footage, not by the square footage, you can never evaluate him by the square footage.
Success is not measured by the number of times people give up, but by how many times people give up.
If you see light, you're either looking forward to hell or back to hell.
Don’t chase people. Be curious. Discouragement is destructive.
Don't believe in mediocrity. It is about time that you no longer have to remember what you said.
If your actions inspire others to dream more, learn more and become more, become more, more, more, more, more, more, more, more, more, more and more, more, more, more, more, more, more, more.
Creativity is allowing yourself to be different than you think.
Love is too short to worry about it. Tupac Shakur
Do it now or later.
If you are stubborn, stubborn, and see yourself through it, you are far from perfect.
The mind is nothing if it is filled with thoughts and thoughts that can be channeled into a fire.
You get knocked down, you run down, you run up, you run up.
Take every chance you get when you’re just starting to do.
If you are not willing to answer them, you are not paying attention.
