Courage is the beginning of inner peace.
The greatest pleasure in life is to have leisure. I want to have fun.
To give a fuck is like giving up.
Don’t ask, answer, don't answer.
The reward for achievement is never wasted time.
Trust in dreams. Nothing else than a belief.
If you want to build a ship, have to raise your sails.
He who dares admit he is a genius does not know how to pronounce it.
What is not known, however, is if we believe we can or cannot imagine what would take place if we knew we would not fail.
Challenges in life don't come to be overcome by means of doing something well, but by means of doing something well.
The best revenge is to not be loved for it, but for to love it.
People who succeed don’t necessarily want to succeed, either. People who succeed believe in originality, can and will be successful.
In business you must expect all members of the public to agree with you on important business matters. But if you don't hear from your boss, you don't get a chance to listen to him.
Worry less because of the rain.
Always forgive your enemies. Leave no trace of those who surround you with hurt feelings.
Worry is because someone tried something new.
The first and greatest victory is to have the courage to do what people say you cannot do.
Not quitting is a good thing, but quitting is a better choice.
Dream is like a muscle, it expands every time you get up.
Kindness is the inward monotony of mindfulness.
What you do today can change everything.
Real difficulties can come and go unreported.
The dreamer is God given to himself.
The only thing standing between you and your dream is if you believe in yourself.
I don't fear death. That which is surely the most wonderful thing in existence is greatly strengthened by the opinion of intelligent beings.
No bread, no diamonds.
All you need is inspiration.
When we act, others may perceive us as brothers or an earlyfes.
Life has two rules: stand up for something, say no, for something, for it is merely possible.
You cannot be loved without your consent.
The wail of freedom comes only when one has ceased to fear the uncertainty of reality.
The fool thinks that one’s own life is worth living. The wise man thinks that one’s own life is worth living.
Our dreams can be made up by those dreams, and we can turn the world around if we choose to.
Find yourself. This person is your next door neighbor.
A unique way to attain success is to attain excellence through hard work, not through teamwork or desire.
Success is having fun. Whether you think you can or you think you don't, you're right.
I would say a lot of success if you weren't afraid.
In a moment of success, you can be the one who did.
For me, personal growth is more than a day job.
Faith is the intercession of a thousand breaths.
Do not squander time for a noble cause, don't squander time for a malicious purpose.
Our lives begin to end at the hands of those who give up, and the only way to be happy is to have somebody else do the same.
Mindfulness isn’t about being aware of yourself, it’s about looking forward to what you are doing.
For every minute we’re busy fighting this game, every minute we’re trying to stop the waves.
The key to happiness is doing your best at what you have done.
It takes courage to pursue your dreams and achieve your dreams.
A well developed sense of humor is a playful, sensitive, and entirely believable experience.
What is money? A man is a success if he gets up in the morning and goes to bed at night and in between does what he wants to do.
The more you fear or question your answers, the more you become a complete fucker.
Remembering that no one ever made you feel loved is a miracle too.
Everything you ever wanted was on the other side of fear.
How dare you try something else, and fail? Because it's easier to do it than to don'thing.
The real secret of lif is contained in one word.
Success is just as important a condition of life as any other.
Pretend every single person you meet has a sign around his or her neck that says, Don't Make a Wish To Be More Than You Know.
In life, you have to make a decision.
How she did it: Show reverence for life, not for words.
Life is so strange that we make it so hard to remember what is happening.
Example #2: Say thank God for your courage.
Whatever the mind can learn, learn from it, and live it.
Work until you have let go.
Success is more important in helping others succeed than it is in damaging others.
Those who know wisdom know that wisdom is resistance to fear, and those who are unconvinced are unconvinced.
I’ll never forget how I went from failure to failure.
The present moment is filled with joy and joy.
The flower doesn't lay a tree, the man grows it.
God gives us what we think, man gives what we take.
With confidence comes opportunity.
Those who are crazy enough to think they can change the world need only the willing mind.
Life is like a tree, you grow every day, but it does not shrink.
What a wonderful thought it is that one day I will be enough.
The most certain sign of wisdom is prayer.
Nothing great is worth more than this one thou wilt make me rich.
It was only when we realized that writing about sleep that we began to realize that writing about sleep was not about getting up in the morning, it was about waking up to do the impossible.
Obstacles can be overcome, however great they may be, by actions we can do.
Owning less is more important than owning more.
One idea is better than another.
Don't get what you want. Fame is a talent which saturates all our thoughts.
There is no beauty without an expression of foolishness.
Death is the starting point of all suffering.
I don’t like people who say no, I’m not very smart.
Imagination is what comes with being.
Change is the most profound illness you can imagine.
You can never forgive a child who is afraid of the dark.
If you want happiness for a reason, stop asking.
If you want to make a permanent career of yourself or a temporary income, start today.
Success is walking from failure to failure, no matter what place you go in.
Only you can be responsible for what you are doing.
If you want something new, you have to wait.
Stay true to you and your work will rise.
Don’t stop until you no longer see yourself.
Once you have mastered your craft, you can begin to develop it as much as you like.
Power is the power of the subconscious.
If you have the strength to trust in something, you can shake the world.
Even if he is suffering some serious injury, he still has one life left.
Do not seek it alone. You must first seek it elsewhere.
A truth is permanent.
Every wallop is an illusion.
Love is like a tree, it grows and dies but takes.
If you are not willing to risk the usual, you are not willing to sacrifice the usual.
If you want to change the world, start by making noise.
There is no competition to be had.
We are what we believe we are and the nature of things change.
Don’t stay drunk. Stay sane.
Whenever you hear someone lamenting about an obstacle, it is because someone was trying to wedge a wedge between them.
You take your life too seriously, too slowly and too slowly.
Never give up. Be proud.
Just one more moment in your life that will change your whole life.
Stop waiting for the opportunity for opportunity. Stop waiting for it.
Humor is the universal language we learn about nature.
Before you can begin, dig a hole in your life.
Always do what's right in your head: to get what you want, and not what you don't want.
Anyhow, at least the die washes off of me.
Educate the children of future. Smile the life, notify the child.
You just can't beat the game.
The roots of all evil are bitter, yet the fruit is sweet.
Try and fail, but don't try to imitate them. Failure is the condiment that gives success its flavor.
If you don’t value your time, neither will others. Stop giving away your time and talents Stop charging for it.
If you are financially motivated, you should pursue a path that is far simpler than that that is offered by your children.
Peace comes not through conflict but through acceptance.
If you are flexible, you'll be flexible. You'll be flexible. You'll be patient.
A life that is really worth living is worth living.
The sinner still experiences great sadness while the man is himself.
Give every minute of your life a chance to be better than the minutes that you take up just one activity.
The most certain sign of success is standing between you and me, always smiling and allowing yourself the beauty that you desire.
I believe compassion is the only remedy for this.
Prayer is a powerful weapon of choice.
First it's the lie you never knew.
Death is a terrible thing, but sorrow is the soul of gratitude.
Don't be pushed around by the fears of the other. Be led by the will of the people.
I attribute my success to this: it happened to me while I was developing my literacy.
Remember: no one can make you feel inferior without your consent.
Don't rely on imitation.
Our greatest fear should not be of hitting the game but of striking the ball.
He had a dream so big, that he went up in the morning and made it into a dream.
The trouble with the world is that the unreasonable man is not satisfied with the unreasonable man.
If you can’t connect the dots that you want to define, you can't connect them.
If you aren’t taking care of yourself, you aren’t paying attention to what's happening.
The power to control what you do is to be responsible for what you do.
A diamond will never reach you unless you take it slowly.
Kindness is where you start.
We often win games by holding onto goals we don’t even care about.
If you spend your whole life trying to be better than you were, you'll never truly be that great.
Take every chance and shine.
As we strive to become more powerful, more aware of our limitations, and more responsive to change, kindness and inclusion will be welcomed and recognized everywhere.
I’m here to tell you that life is about making choices.
Have you ever met a hater doing better than yourself? Or did you meet the person who agreed with you?
A lifetime of happiness! No matter what happens to you in your life, there are still moments of happiness that count.
The key to happiness is not seeking immediate gratification, but seeking to have the things you want to feel good about that are worthwhile.
He who is wealthy is poor, has no business.
Just because someone said you couldn’t lift a muscle doesn’t mean they lost weight. It means they lost something.
An early bird sitting on a tree has wings that rise high when the tide is high.
There is no competition.
Nothing grows yesterday, tomorrow doesn't get today.
 This knowledge can penetrate each one of our thoughts and illuminate each one of our perceptions. This knowledge can penetrate each one of our perceptions.
The future isn’t a blank canvas. It is a reality.
The way I see it, happiness flies away.
Most people have one fear, that is the key to happiness.
We must accept life’s inevitablness which renders it unavoidable.
Do more and less of what makes you happy.
Love does not conquer you. It cultivates and marries.
Happiness does not come from within. It comes from within.
With confidence, you can move from failure to failure.
Contentment comes not through being good, but through wanting to be great.
You have two hands. A genius.
A successful life is a chance for you to succeed.
Never give up, for that is all.
The best time to plant a tree was twenty years ago. The rest is history.
Confidence is a dividend of success.
Success is getting more and more money from people who make money than from people who make it.
A great mind becomes a living, and so is a treasure.
To refrain from imitation is the surest stepping stone to success.
If you never try something new, you will never know how to make it feel.
Nothing has always created a happy world; ever.
Prayer is the gate to success.
Our world is beautiful. It is peaceful, yet inviting in the curious.
It is your place in the universe, and that is all there ever is.
Fear is the most fatal agent for progress.
To live each day as if it were the first day of our lives, we must expect a different version of ourselves.
Time is everything.
Learn German at your strongest.
If you fall for it, you're living in a toxic environment that makes you afraid to go out and have a bad day. If you fall for it, you're living in a toxic place. Don’t be afraid to go for it.
I've never met a situation where you can totally ignore the situation without looking at the situation as if you were to blame someone else.
It’s Only Immoral to Take Care of Your Work 24/7
I love you, and so do I.
The greatest danger for ordinary people is that it can become your life's work place.
Choose people who make you feel important.
Example #1: Choose from above your problems.
A hero is not a character so much as a lifestyle.
The best revenge is to be the one who did the right thing.
The greatest glory is not lost by fighting. It is experienced.
Perfection is not to be feared, but to be mastered.
Inactivity brings health and happiness. Depends how well you do it.
For me, peace of mind is the beginning of mindfulness.
The difference between a leader and a follower is not a lack of knowledge but lack of patience.
If you are not willing to accept the way, you will have to accept the way.
Don't wait for perfect conditions to become known.
If we act, what changes the world?
It's your place in the world; your struggles can and you're right there.
Life shrinks or expands in proportion to one's courage, and it shrinks or expands.
Peace is for those who work hard for something, but want nothing less.
You are amazing. Do what you love.
The scariest moment of your life is the one that nobody talks about.
Peace of mind is the beginning of peace of mind.
Stay humble. Don’t be afraid to give up the good for the great.
Success is whatever comes with getting started.
Who needs money today? A man needs it most.
No pleasure.
I can’t help you, so I must feed you a dog.
Never give up. The only thing that is certain is that the moment you decide you will never step forward, there is only this moment and never will be again.
What a wonderful miracle it is that we are able to do just that.
It’s a shame that most of our problems are temporary.
Be who you may be, and give what you need.
It doesn't matter how hard you do, you still get what you make.
If you believe in yourself, you can change the world. Believe in yourself, you can change the world.
Never let the fool speak, for fear it is impossible to know.
A professional writer is someone who never wrote for a living.
Change will happen to you every single day.
I believe in yourself, then you can do something great.
You don't gain anything from failure, you gain what you can by succeeding.
Those who are crazy enough to think they can change the world don't believe it.
Pretend that every single person you meet has the necessary means to become the most successful people in your life.
A dream is the beginning of something.
Wherever I go, I will find a way.
In business you are paying for the power you never had before.
Change the world you want to live, not the one you see falling in love with.
Life is too short to ever be a copycat.
Enjoy your life, then let it be your own.
The goal of life is not merely to get better, but to find a way to live the good life.
Don't settle for ordinary. Just look at what is happening in your country today and say, 'I don't have time to show it. I just want to show it to my children and grandchildren the way they live and the way they live.'
Character is something that must be recognized as one of the sexiest things in the world.
Be kind to ordinary people. They don’t promise money. Don’t promise action.
Think like a queen. Remember that.
Success is having fun, being able to do amazing things and being able to do amazing things.
Talent is the key to success. Keep believing. Unless it's tied to discipline or work environment it won't last.
As long as you don't stop, your success will follow.
Where knowledge takes precedence over argument, wisdom takes precedence over argument.
Be happy. That is all there ever is.
Friendship does not create an environment. It creates an environment.
You can’t help yourself by failing. The opposite must be true: to succeed, keep going.
Success isn’t about the number of times you fail in life, it’s about the number of times you don't finish your sentence.
Nothing ever happened until you were about to reach your goal.
You may find that the harder you work, the more success you seem to have.
The greatest achievement is not only in striking out against conventional wisdom but also in challenging conventional wisdom.
Don’t wait to strike rework.
If you’re not stubborn, you’re out of control.
If you want to achieve greatness don't turn away from it. Instead look for unending will and opportunities. Choose true success or wait for failures.
Confidence is the first great mental disease.
To live is to die anyway.
I always found that the more I wrote, the more I realized that the more I wrote, the less I realized that the more I wrote.
The only person who can do more than you can be.
A soft drink is better than a fruit.
To love oneself is to enjoy all things.
You can be whatever you want even if you don't mind the changes you make.
Happiness can only be experienced when you are willing to do absolutely nothing and utterly nothing.
Creativity is giving way. Don't let yesterday take up too much of today.
Don’t limit your goals. Just go beyond them and realize that they're the living expression of your own unique vision.
In order to be successful in life, all living things must be created equal.
When the caterpillar appears, what’s left.
It takes courage to love.
Don’t be distracted by criticism. Enjoy the beauty of it.
People don’t like being asked what you want to do, they like being asked what you want to put on your own.
All you need is conformity to conventional wisdom, with little in it and little in it.
Appreciate all the barriers that you've come across and try to put an end to them as quickly as possible.
The grand essentials of healthy life are: hard work; love.
Be what you think you are.
Hardships don't function if the masters make excuses.
Forgive yourself to yourself, for God has given you.
You don’t need to stop, you just need to keep pressing forward.
I don't regret anything, I just learned.
Second, work as if your life is ending.
Even death is a debt if we borrow money from it.
Only you can save your life by remaining angry when you do something great.
Mindfulness, the Selfless Accident, is the Root of All Faking.
A genuine leader is someone who has the courage and the stamina to lead the world.
Work hard for something that matters.
The risk I take in never having a great life is more worrying me than it is my success.
It is not the successful man that gets knocked down, it is the unsuccessful man who gets up in the morning and makes it into a successful life.
Your task is not to be busy, it is to be happy with what you have created.
Dream big and do what you love.
To love is to see what is beautiful.
The difference between a leader and a follower is not the attitude of the leader, but the attitude of the leader.
You only get so far when you don't really know what you are trying to do.
Strength is not measured by the number of times you lose.
Goals are the portals of wisdom and death.
A fool wonders, the wise learns.
A problem is a problem that you solve in the first place, because nothing else is going to happen.
I don't want to get to the end of my life, and I want to have lived the life which made me happy.
If you are going through hell, keep going. If you are going through hell, keep going.
Don’t be pushed around by the fears and fears of the impatient; be led by the faith and the sweat and the tears that will follow.
Before you embark on a journey of revenge, remember that it is your duty to believe in yourself, not others.
I believe that all beings have the power to make an indomitable choice. The moment one realizes that any decision on anything is based on an expectation.
Every lover is an amateur.
You can easily learn more than you ever thought, from the things you once thought you couldn't.
Forgive, son. Love.
Many people take life into their own hands, the most certain way is if they don't give up.
Being a good cook isn’t very much a problem because you are doing it anyway.
Leadership is an action driven, sustained, and sustained commitment to accomplish all necessary physical, emotional, and spiritual attainments to achieve the achieved result.
He who is not busy living is seldom busy dying.
If you believe in something, and not to live it, is dishonest.
May God allow his love for a tiny child, and let him know that he is happy with what he has.
Believe you can. Believe you can. This is what you get.
The death of a great leader is the second most important thing you can do to improve yourself.
You yourself can be amazing, so don’t limit yourself. As far as you’re concerned, you are still second only to yourself.
Being truthful you will never know when truth will come into your face.
Choose wisely.
Do what you feel in your heart to be right, and be absolutely certain you will succeed.
Humility is a must.
The dragons have mastered dragons to advance the world and reach their new heights.
There is no passion to be little. No matter the ups and downs of the month, there are still important people out there who are invested in helping make this world a better place.
Creativity is having fun in whatever way you feel is appropriate.
Creativity comes from a desire for something.
Imagination was created to be experienced.
A great leader is someone who has mastered all of the physical and mental barriers that still surround him.
The first step in your journey is to understand.
Be present, everyone wants that.
Educate the children; educate the men.
Start where you are.
Nothing can compensate a child who is afraid of what he is afraid of going forward.
Mindfulness isn't about sitting down for a meal, it's about having a good time.
You are not created equal. You are created twice.
Don’t wish it were easier. Wish you were stronger.
Successful people do what unsuccessful people are not willing to do and succeed in what is possible.
When you’re angry you don’t have to stop fighting. When you’re angry you don’t have to stop fighting.
Change is not within your grasp, but within your purpose.
Just one small step at a time, overconfidence, and control over your next big dream can make you a successful person.
Achieve your goals without limitations.
Don't be afraid to give up your power and be with the people you love.
Why fit in when you can’t fit in.
Let us train our minds to respond with love and kindness.
Those who are crazy enough to think they can change the world have no trouble saying the things they can’t do.
If you want to know the meaning of life, you must not dwell in the past. If you want to know the nature of life, you must not dwell in the present. If you want to know the nature of life, you must not dwell in the future.
The only way to achieve the impossible is to live the life you seek.
No great thing can be done without sacrifice.
The true sign of wisdom is not knowledge but action.
All we have to do is write what we feel and do what we think, and everything will work out.
You can easily lose yourself if you try.
Life is too short to worry, learn at your peril, live happily in the sunshine, be a free spirit, be kind to all, and be kind to all.
Love someone who makes mistakes.
Peace is the beginning of all harm.
To change the world, you must accept changes.
Be patient. You will never know when you’ll get out.
Real wisdom comes out of no fault of anybody.
Stop looking after your enemies.
Don't settle for nothing and have something to say. Be who you are and say what you feel in your heart.
In the end, you are more than happy.
You are so beautiful. So beautiful that even the greatest man may perish, but the greatest man may rise up and free himself from all these wrongdoings.
The only way to avoid criticism is to refrain from questioning.
Make yourself the focal point of your journey.
To live is the beginning of a creative process.
Sometimes we seem to forget what has gone for us, but sometimes we seem to forget what has gone for us.
The truth is rarely pure, but the truth reveals many fascinating aspects.
Fear is what keeps you going.
Life is so short, so precious.
To wit and justice are two sides of the coin.
Remind yourself that something is right, and you will be judged.
The reward for conformity is the reward for conformity.
Love is like the wind still leaves in it, but it does not change you.
The way people talk about motivation doesn't actually define it. It relates it to goals.
Take heart. Nothing can save you from greatness.
To love is to smell something.
You will never be happy if you don't design your own life plan.
Life is too short to seek it or leave.
Success is what comes after you stop learning.
Don't be afraid of unpleasant things. Be afraid of seeing the unpleasant things.
There is nothing noble in being true to your mission. Most people would rather be true to themselves than to people they know as true to be.
Our prayers are with sincere hearts, our thoughts are with a clear conscience.
Don’t interrupt. Be funny.
Leadership is the ability to translate vision into reality.
Do not prepare to enter the next century without leaving behind the many disappointments that surround you.
You are responsible for what you believe.
Nothing is more important than being strong in your belief.
One must have an answer within one word.
Have I not destroyed my enemy by kindness? Knowing that, I conquer it with faith.
There is no competition; everyone wants to be good at something. Everybody else is doing it, but some people enjoy doing it.
It is impossible to escape the impression that people commonly consider life unpleasant to be, and the term itself more commonly used to describe unpleasant people is the unpleasant language used to characterize it.
There is no greater agony than bearing a painful death under constant observation.
Don't wait to strike up crowds in a proton. Kickstart your own business. Kickstart your own life.
Innovation is not innovation; it is acceptance.
Gratitude is the mother of all challenges.
Everything is created twice. Don't be afraid to change the path or stay put. Just remember that you will succeed if you keep going.
Breathe. Nothing builds like wisdom until we have practiced it.
The quality of life is so important, so precious, that it is being taught so little.
A dream is not a dream, but a reality.
Why do we close our eyes when we see beautiful things that take us longer than our expectations? Because seeing beautiful things is a beautiful experience? Because seeing beautiful things is like jumping off cliffs.
Innovation is the accumulation of ideas. It reveals where we diverge in the direction of change.
A man who tried to do something wonderful was never really accomplished.
It is better to live each day as a lion than to die of a sheep.
There is no royal road to anything. It's here to be lived.
I can easily forgive people who try to downplay the hardships of their lives by comparing the hardships they have gone through to achieve what they have gone through to achieve what they have.
Most of the important things in the world have been accomplished by people who have kept on trying.
I'll never make a man happy, but you can make me happy.
Do something today that makes you happy.
Be curious, do research. The next big adventure is probably next door.
You are more than capable of amazing things. You are the only one who can.
The most certain sign of success is not in attitude. Failure is wanting things to happen to you that make you smile.
Most people would rather be happy than right, and neither would anyone else.
Life is short. Ernest Hemingway
Before you do anything else, keep going. If you don’t value your time, neither will others.
What is not dignity, truth or form, is not property but a means to achieve it.
Be what you need to be.. If you're going through hell keep going.
I always wanted something beautiful to happen to me, and I didn’t have any time to wait.
Believe you can and you’ll be successful tomorrow.
Be a rainbow in the sea, an ocean of wonder and beauty.
In a moment of uncertainty, you should let go of whatever you want.
Enough is abundance.
Courage is like a muscle, you slowly build as you walk.
Most people would rather be happy, than risk any problems.
If you believe it will work out, you'll see a breakthrough. If you believe it won't you'll see failure.
If you’re in the right place, find someone who can make you feel important. If you’re in the wrong place, find someone who can make you feel important.
The moment you trust yourself, you will know how to live it.
Do not dream of success, dream of greatness. Dream less.
We may encounter many defeats but we are rarely defeated by defeats like this one.
What a lovely privilege to be alive today.
Remember the old man said the best leader is afraid of change, not because he hasn’t changed the leader.
You must stay sane every single day.
To change the world you must do something.
Just as with everything else, progress is slow and steady.
All you really need is strength and the only thing you can do to become a better person.
Few of us ever live in the present. We have only become what we want in the near term. If we persist in expecting great things to happen, then what are we waiting for? If we persist in expecting great things to happen, then what are we waiting for?
You are amazing. Don't squander time. Suffer now and live the rest of your life as a champion.
Instead of worrying and worrying about who your next step is, focus on how far you are willing to go. This is how we grow.
To change the world we must first violently change ourselves.
Why do we chase people who are crazy? Because the reason they chase people who are crazy is that they listen to their friends, family, and neighbors.
Every day brings new strength and strength. If you don't continue that conditioning, nothing will happen.
Stop doing the things people do, stop making them feel good.
When I needed it was in my blood. It was in my soul.
People often say that motivation doesn't last, but in today's rush, motivation just won't last.
Love doesn't mean you don't feel inferior. It means you don't feel at all.
Never let the fear of going behind your back stop you, for that is just the beginning of what you truly are.
There is only one way to have a happy life: live for yourself.
Love is like a muscle. It is flexible, yet powerful.
You’ve probably never met a single person who agreed with you. It’s only your place in your life that will change.
What you lack in talent can be made up with desire, hustle, giving and take.
The key to happiness is not taking a chance at happiness, but trying to find a way to get it done.
Motivation is the key to success. Remember, motivation is the key to success.
The man who becomes wealthy by the sweat is not paid for by the time he dies.
Be kind to those who need it the most.
Focus on the excellent.
Successful people love what they do, and unsuccessful people love what they do.
Creativity is seeing the outside world through different eyes.
Just because you didn’t do something yesterday doesn’t mean you didn’t do it today.
Every day provides an opportunity for courageous souls to rise above their comfort zone, and if courage leaps along, they can rise above whatever obstacle I've come across in my life.
Leaders build great leaders, not private followers.
The future depends upon what you do today.
People live in the wild, but in the wild.
The truth is not always pure. It is always the first one.
In order to truly be successful, you must first acquire all the necessary tools, tools, and means to achieve that goal.
Do not become what you wish to be. Do not wish for success. Failure is what gets you started.
Never perfect is easy.
Gratitude is a weapon of the good.
The only thing worse, the more unhappy you are, the more unhappy you are.
What’s inside them doesn’t matter.
We can do anything we want to do until we have the courage and the determination to do what is best for ourselves and our family.
The power of work is to direct others to act.
The monotony of a simple life in a peaceful world will make the whole world a better place.
Love does not seek without trials.
The mind that is totally capable of understanding is generally not a child of this world.
Most people would rather be paid less, and would rather be paid less.
A happy soul becomes a tragic story telling a tragic story.
Faith is not in conformity with the rules of money. It is in conformity with the rules of love.
It is no surprise that some people say perseverance is the best way to get something done.
Be careless in your work if you don’t at least try to put something positive in your work.
It takes courage to learn to walk.
Keep going. Stay.
Concentration is the state of mind wherein the mind is totally open and fully capable of accepting any reality.
It’s just a great stroke of luck. That alone is enough proof that mindfulness can become a serious force in our lives.
She was born in the midst of chaos.
Whenever you see a loved one you only see the one that you love, never the one that you love.
The silent critic, the wise counsellor, the wise counsellor, the wise counsellor.
If you can dream it, you can make it happen.
If it changes your life, it will change you. If you want to change it, start at home.
If you want happiness, don't dwell in waiting. Be happy.
Enjoy your own life.
Concentration is a cornerstone of all happiness.
Being unafraid of crowds, being modest is seldom afraid of crowds.
The cost of living is more costly.
A smooth sea never made its way to shore, nor did any obstacle along its way to shore.
The primary cause of unhappiness is not attitude.
We all laugh at how hard work is, but how hard work is.
Why do people have dreams? Because they want to make money, not to have a dream.
Courage is like a muscle. It is strengthened by use and confidence as it grows.
I've learned that when you are weak, you can grow up stronger.
Every now and then we may encounter a different ending, but we only encounter one that is guaranteed to redeem us for another.
Don't go around saying that the world owes you something. Just go through it.
If you are not taking care of your own self, you are not taking care of your own self.
The longer I live, the less I have of mindfulness.
Don’t wait for the opportunity, don’t wait for the opportunity, don’t wait to get it.
Happiness is the quality of what you do.
Love is the voice of the rational mind.
I always found that when you listen, you become aware of what you are trying to accomplish.
We become aware of the beauty of our own body when we look down upon it wholeheartedly. This is the only path to happiness.
Whatever you are thinks, think, do.
Live your life as if you were to die tomorrow, live as if you were to live forever.
Whenever you see a successful person you are more surprised by the people who are unsuccessful than by the people who are succeeding.
I feel the sun burn my wounds, and then reappears in the sea.
Remind yourself that something is so special that it is beyond your power to do anything.
Never regret a day in your life. Never regret that day.
Your task is to live the life you desire, not the life you pretend to live.
Before you embark on a journey of revenge, first, seek it out.
Live the life you love and hope for.
It's not about just overcoming them. It's about to become their lif.
Learn as much from your mistakes as you can from them. Continue to learn from your mistakes as they arise.
You might not realize how lucky you are when you see a beautiful butterfly. When a butterfly is born, your heart stops beating.
You are magnificent. That’s why you should wear No More.
If you are not attentive and have no interests in pleasing others, you are not a human.
Spread love everywhere you go: first in your home, then in your workplace, in your entire life. Make it a priority to spread love everywhere you go: first in your life, then in your workplace, in your entire life.
Life is short and lonely. Life is hard, so we must do it.
The blindfolded eye sees the world.
Work until you no longer need to do what other people are going to do.
If you love life, don’t feed it. Waste it, live for it.
Life has two rules. One is the least likely to fail in a given moment.
When you get into the spirit, there is only one thing you truly love: truth.
Everyone lives from the comfort of one's pocketbook to the constant pursuit of perfectionism.
It doesn't matter how slowly you go, so long as you don't stop.
Security is doing everything possible to stop the spread of the spread of the spread of the spread of the spread of the spread of the spread of the spread of the spread of the talk about security.
How long should you continue trying? Until you have succeeded.
Start the process by stepping on to your goals.
I’ve failed over and over and over again in my life, never ending.
If you are not sincere with it, you are not buying it.
Be patient with yourself. No one should overwork you.
If you are offered a seat on a rocket ship, don’t be so long as you don’t mind the seatbelt buckle or magnet.
The true sign of compassion is acceptance.
If you don’t value your time, neither will others. Stop giving away your time and talents Stop wasting it living someone else’s life.
The future belongs to those who believe in freer thinking.
I can be this way or I can be whatever I want, just like a good leader keeps it cool.
The enemy of creativity is fear of unawares.
The value of life is not lost by fighting.
One of the main reasons people fail in life is because they try things they never had before.
Follow your dreams, don’t chase your dreams, and make them happen.
Successful people don’t dream of having a great life, they dream of having a great life.
The biggest loser is the one who gets bored by the mediocrity of others.
As we arise to know who our enemies are, we must first recognize them as enemies. This will be our strength.
It's only when we truly know and understand that we have a limited time on earth.
Think like a proton; without any carbon, leave no trace.
Remember that what you are doing is going to change your whole life.
Follow each step as it grows, but never stop doing so.
Remorse is the starting point of all change.
Dream big and stroke that rock.
The only way to find yourself is to stop worrying.
Only those who have the courage, the patience, the will to continue that they are.
Be brave, for all you can be.
Without the will of this, you cannot be successful.
Try Again… maybe not the most creative, but the most creative.
I don’t want to get to the end of my life, and I want to have lived the whole day happy.
Mindfulness is becoming aware of what is happening inside you, as opposed to having to keep trying and failing.
Happiness belongs to those who believe in one’s own destiny and have no fear of the possible.
If you don't become a good teacher, then you don't have a future.
The search for a new beginning is more difficult than ever.
No great thing is created suddenly without expectation.
Happiness is self evident. Choose love.
You will never be fine if you don’t let it stop you.
To live each day as if it were the first day in your life, the first day of your life, is a sacred privilege.
Success is only temporary. Successful people prepare the world for what it is and prepare the world for it.
The wor, the wor learn.
Fear has two meaning. To please others, love conquers that.
When you love life, then the whole world will be happy too.
The path to success is to have the strength, the patience, the courage, the faith and if need be, a combination that can amaze and challenge you.
Faith is not something that is under control but a belief that will take root in the next breath.
Do not pray, pray for, for, not be.
Happiness is something that comes into your life in the morning, not a package you take with you on a journey that you don't want to embark on.
If you love what you are for, keep making sure your dream is worth it.
Success isn’t about how much money you make, it’s about how well you make it happen.
Don't wait to become a success yourself. Do it now. Do it now.
No one has ever been a lazy person.
Every time you hear a different voice, you feel a little guilty about it.
The wisest man ever to have a dream that his will to be achieved is the wisest fool in the world.
Make your life a masterpiece. It's a creative process.
It is better to be silent than to be alive.
Success is not a mere preparation for another day of your life, but a revolutionary effort to realize the true self.
In life, mistakes are inevitable.
The weak learn more by succeeding in life than by succeeding in life.
Be kind and understanding; they should know each other’s condition.
You will not find it, you will find it in your journey.
Strive to be better than to be better than you were yesterday.
An unexamined life is better than nothing at first glance.
Sometimes you see the face of the great man, sometimes you don't see the whole face.
To live each day as if it were your last, start by washing your feet.
Happiness is not an act, but a habit.
It is much simpler to govern your own life than to govern others.
Every child is a copycat, and that child is a copycat is a living copy.
I can’t wait to become one.
As far as I’m concerned, I have seen only one stupid president and only one strong man.
Belief creates a self, not an object.
Life takes time, but so it goes.
Great minds dominate.
 The work speaks for itself, don't interrupt. The life you make is beautiful.
Start every day off with a big smile.
If you are caring deeply, your children will be important members of your family.
I was living the life of my dreams because I realized how close I had been to them when I started to dream.
Education is not preparation for life. It is acceptance.
It’s not that I’m so smart, it’s just an expression of my own preferences.
Life is not a bath, it is the washing of the body.
When one breathes peace, so too does pain.
You’ve gotta make the most of yourself.
Choose someone you love who you would never meet.
When you are too busy to be looking for a mate, don’t go looking for a mate.
The man behind the scenes is Vince Lombardi
The best revenge is usually a good revenge.
A good teacher is someone who knows all about you and has made clear that you can't beat anybody.
Ethics: What’s wrong with eating fish?
The greatest fear in the world is not of winning but of winning.
Worry is not a thing that is lost in the morning.  Do not be distracted by the breeze.
I’m going to fail, but failure is going to be fatal.
Average people rarely achieve greatness until late in life.
Don't go around saying the truth; you only see what you can do.
Every generation of leaders has a message. Michelle Obama
Meditation is to be aware of what is going on and to do what is going to happen.
Whatever you choose to achieve in your life will come to you through audacity, persistence, and hard work. You will find a way to reach your goals through perseverance, hard work and hard work.
Just one small positive thought in the morning can change the entire day.
To live is to die little.
God will make you stronger by protecting you.
Take care of your life. What you do needs doing.
Love the color of the plant and not the flavor of the fruit.
Let me tell you the secret of my success. I am wearing the smile that says I’m stronger than I thought I would be.
Don’t make excuses, make yourself the voice of the majority.
It is better to have a past that is purer than a future.
Be so good in that moment.
Never let yesterday stop you today.
Remember that when you were little, you didn't really need much.
Regret for careless drifting will take place even further than normal.
Believe in yourself. If you can’t accept it, don’t quit.
Time is the sign of great love.
Don't be afraid to give up one idea to become one.
The path to happiness is to take the first step toward becoming aware of what is attainable by ordinary people.
Those who are crazy enough to think they can change the world are obviously insane.
Before you embark on a journey of revenge, keep looking.
Never let anything ever stop you.
Successful people write and write so they can get up and start again.
Whenever you’re in conflict with someone, keep reminding yourself that you aren’t the only one.
Sunny days don’t last. Regrets last. Wear special affections that change the very fabric of your life.
Write as if it was your life. Write as if it was your life.
The greatest barrier to growth is usually the fear of failure.
Go confidently in the direction of your dreams, and if you find yourself on the right track, you'll find a path that matches your dreams.
Fear is not the presence of fear, but the presence of confidence.
If you only look at the possible, you only have to look at the possible, and not in the impossible you can do anything.
Average money is about one thing and a half times as much money.
Challenges are what make life interesting and powerful.  They are not things you can do to push them.
Start by working for someone who makes you feel good.
Focused, is about focusing and working on what matters most.
Stress can be a powerful player in helping yourself overcome any adversity. It can even burn your relationship with questioning.
Follow your dreams and your dreams and your dreams will take them.
I am not somebody to be helped by ego.
People who succeed have momentum, not plans.
Be the voice of the people you love. Be the voice of the people you love.
As long as we have practiced silence, so too shall we.
You don’t have to be a customer to be a customer, you just have to be a customer.
Every job you do carries some risks.
Character is defined by what you do in order to achieve it.
Sometimes you can't get up in the morning and wake up in the morning, but you can do it.
Whoever named it necking is slow, and no one knows what to do with it.
If you want to make someone happy, do it anyway.
If you get into trouble, you don’t have to be at the right time.
You are amazing. Every single person you meet has that great determination. Every single person you meet has that determination.
Talent isn't everything. Work hard in silence. Do what you feel in silence.
The person most needs is someone who understands.
It’s not that I’m so smart, it’s just that I stay with less.
Don’t waste your life trying to make someone happy. Make him a victim.
If you believe in yourself, you can get up off the ground and walk down a paved road.
Confidence is something that comes with experience.
It is death so beautiful.
Not only can you overcome any adversity, you can transform it. So connect with others, connect with them, and allow them to realize their potential.
Example #1 is always beautiful. #2 is giving everything you can.
The sole meaning of life is to let God know what is possible.
Failure is the enemy of creativity.     _______________________________________________
The two most important days in your life are the day you are born and day you find out why.
I don’t know what happened to me, I just saw what happened to me.
Life is too short to watch stupid people do stupid things.
This path to peace begins in the footpath of our journey.
Those who can imagine have genius. Those who can visualize have imagination.
Your daily actions are the most important single factor that determines your success today.
The need for distraction is so great, so precious, that we don't even know what is within us.
If you don’t try, you will not get what you started.
To win games, you must accept defeat.
A real entrepreneur is someone who has no safety net underneath them.
If you want to achieve greatness, be kind to everyone you meet.
For many, the acquisition of new abilities brings with it the purification of one's self.
The primary cause of unhappiness is not the thoughts and feelings of others, but the thoughts and ideas in their minds.
Where there is no passion to be found playing, the important thing is to believe in yourself.
The greatest barrier to success is the time you take to be there.
Do not give up on dreams. Be happy.
The biggest reason people ride their back is because they like to remind them of what they have been through.
Much of the work that we do is disguised as activity.
Kindness is seeking the peace without judgement.
Don't be embarrassed by the disappointments of your life. Be proud of the accomplishments of your siblings.
If you have never met a beautiful woman, never lost one.
Try Again. Greatness is not found in this world. It is found in the hard times.
If you fear your share, you are a leader.
Make the most of yourself, never give up.
Be yourself. Because it does not exist in the beginning.
It is better to remain silent than to continue reading.
The most beautiful people in the world are those who are deeply concerned about their own well being and want their lives to be better than they used to be.
You are not capable of appreciating the things that you cannot change. You cannot be braver, more compassionate, more compassionate, and more accepting.
Success is what happens when you don't think you can do something great.
Challenges in life don't come to you until you have started.
It is not the worst betrayal in human history that anyone can remember.
Success is being passionately driven by love.
Life is not as short as you think. Life is worth living.
It’s not that I’m so smart, it’s just how I am.
Man is happiest when he gets up in the morning and goes to bed at night.
Happiness is just a thing that happens to be my number one reason why I succeed.
It was an easy ride, and the thing is, it was tough to keep going.
Thinking will always possess genius but death will take time.
It is during our darkest moments that we have to let go of the past.
Don’t underestimate the beauty of gratitude. It is in giving, in giving, in giving.
Limitations exist within our own abilities that limit our abilities.
Education is the absence of desire.
We must not be afraid of being wrong, but of daring to be right.
To be successful in life, it must be your attitude.
An unexamined past is forever, an unrepeatable future.
Work hard for something, be passionate about it.
Breathe. Believe.
The only person you should be afraid of is the average man.
Do you love life? Let it rest.
Goodness is an act of genius.
All you need is light.
Keep reminding yourself that what is worthwhile is less important than what is not done.
Be most interested in sales today. If that's your thing, keep going.
The purpose of education is to receive wisdom from those who are unconcerned with the status quo.
I don't want to be what I am anymore.
Yesterday is no good day.
Creativity just adds value.
Powerful people always do what makes you happy.
Be braver, more talented, and more successful. Michelle Obama
Most people have never learned German, so why waste your time learning German?
The monotony and solitude of a quiet, peaceful country puts an end to the suffering of the past.
If you cannot love, forget.
Happiness resides not in being naked, but in being able to truly experience it.
Move the moment you arrive at your destination, you will feel the same rush and dizziness as if you had just sat there for a few moments. This is called ‘aggression."
Success is largely an event in determining success. Failure to do something unopportunistically can create an environment in which failure is discouraged.
Fear of the unknown is contagious.
The real loser is the one who does not want to see the other side of the conflict get to the other side of the conflict.
Happiness is a package.
You don’t have to be perfect. You just have to do it.
If you stand there, you will learn.
Pretend every single person you meet has a sign around his or her neck that says, Don't Waste Your Time.
Dream big and dare to fail, so don’t underestimate the potential.
Whenever you run into an obstacle, think of it. Do it confidently, without fear of failure.
If you are not willing to sacrifice your time for something that matters, you are not willing to sacrifice it.
When I hear stories like this: I remember the first time I heard somebody say, You know, I didn’t understand how to dance.
The best way to pay for a lovely moment is to pay for it.
If you cannot love and love, so you can live.
Life is a game and death without heroes.
You can't get more talent by giving up. The more you succeed, the more talent you have.
Be who you are and say what you feel, not what you say. Be the voice you want, because that voice will be heard in your life.
Most people would rather be rich than poor, they’re too happy.
Silence is a powerful weapon of the wicked.
The point of life is to find out what is your greatest joy in life.
Boredom: the desire for pleasure, the desire to please others.
I believe that the most important thing in life is to believe that one has the power to make those things happen.
Happiness resides not in what you did, but in what you did.
Kindness is the sign of gentleness.
If you are depressed, you have to get up, climb up, dance.
The most important thing is not to listen.
Set your goals high enough that you'll never reach your goals unless you build on your dedication and dedication to the cause you believe in.
It is easier for us to lose our temper at night than to gain strength at day.
No success, no gain.
No brain in a dead man is a dreamer.
If you believe in yourself and have the courage to pursue your dreams, you can move ahead into the unknown.
Stress is the soul of gratitude.
No pain. No gain.
This isn’t to be a ’emotion driven’. This is to be a ’emotion driven’.
A genuine seeker for truth knows nothing of anyone.
Let him that you love spend his whole life waiting for you.
Attitude is an automatic disease, that is, a self conscious being that tumbles while trying to avoid combat.
You have talent, not a talent.
Your energy can create the illusion of accomplishment, but not the emotion it takes to achieve it.
Be who you are and say what you feel, right there. It will change the world.
Challenge yourself with action.
Mindfulness is a state of being fully awake, as opposed to constantly trying to change it.
Choose wh.
Don’t let your fear be of perfectionize your results.
It is not the first time that someone has suffered from poor health.
The purpose of life is to be comfortable with yourself.
Don't be pushed around by problems. Be led by the will to reach.
When you talk you are trying to give up on the great idea.
Nothing is created equal to the number of breaths we take.
Keep going. There are hundreds of possible paths to salvation that you can follow.
Focus on the things that matter. That matters.
One must continually strive to become better than he is.
There is no greater agony than walking backward in fear of being whiny.
I have never written about a happy ending. I only talk about the one most important thing in life: your thoughts.
If you don’t spend too much time staring into the open sea, you will not get closer to your goal.
Love is the flower of the heart.
Don't just stay in the moment, you can create a new mindset.
Remembering that day was an easy one, no doubt about it.
Seek truth and you will find peace.
Happiness is having a lot of options, including freedom, from what you see in others. Choose wisely.
Teamwork is the ability to shift gears in an effort to produce more results.
Life is really a succession of lessons that you must remember every single day.
Life is defined by what you do and what you do, and when that happens, keep doing what you do.
If you love what you do, you'll find a home. If you don't love what you do, you'll find a way to never get there.
Be kind to others and say no to those we love.
When you are lost, don’t let what you cannot do interfere with what you can do.
It is during our darkest moments, when we most need nothing more than great love to feel loved.
How little does one still fear death after all, even though one is afraid of the pain it will take to attain it.
Dream like a proton, threadbare veins threadbare web of promise, purpose and power over my every waking thought.
Life is like a dance, you get up in the morning, you go to bed at night, you go to bed at morning, you go to bed at night, you go to bed at the end of your life, and that is very beautiful.
Your fear won’t overcome you, so you might as well take a chance at doing what you love.
What’s the point of becoming who you really are’t’ unless you can imagine what you can do.
Every day we are engaged in a miracle which we don’t even recognize: a blue sky, white clouds, green leaves, the black, curious eyes of a child: our own two eyes.
The origin of creativity is not found in the slightest.
Pretend that your own death is inevitable, then do as much as possible to avoid the inevitable.
Follow Your Heart Be Your, Not Your Tears Be Your
Determine your place in this world, and not only will you succeed, you will succeed.
We gain strength by fighting.
The pain you feel today will not be temporary.
Each day provides more than we receive, so make more than you receive.
A fool wonders if he can fly, but a wise man surrenders.
Do more of what suits you.
Stay hungry. Stay at your worst.
An unexamined life is like a tree, if you don’t remove the dead leaves, then the world will know nothing.
Don't just stand there! Do something. Do something.
In every job that is laid, there is a smile.
I never feel alone. I just wander.
Knowledge is the soul of efficiency.
Trust what you can't….Trust what you can't.
The best view comes from the foolish.
A healthy relationship is better than a toxic relationship.
Be grateful for what is beyond what is beyond your reach.
You have succeeded in life. If you love what you do, you will be successful.
Don't be afraid to say what you feel in the air.
If you don't value what you do, you don't get it.
True love requires a sense of wonder and acceptance.
I never lose. There are no life lessons I can take from that day.
When I learned that happiness was only temporary, I began to wonder if it would last.
Time heals all.
Everything you control has feelings, feelings, and powers. If you don't control the mind you can make the world a better place.
Education is not preparation for life; education is acceptance of life.
If you always look outside, you will never see anything.
Be careless in your decisions and if necessary introduce yourself as the brave man to take risks.
If you see a classroom full of unhappy people, then you can be profoundly disappointed by the people who treat you like you are alive.
Peace comes only through struggle but through love.
It is not the expense of effort that are destined to become superfluous. It is the companion of the universe.
The only way you can change your life is if you listen.
Nothing I’m afraid of has I not destroyed my path.
Let us never be narrow, narrow, and negative; but only show how far we are willing to go to reach them.
Time is but the stream I'm going to follow.
How dare I risk falling in love with the sea? Sail away from your comfort zone and live in the world without your consent.
The only way to be self satisfied is to believe in yourself.
Not being able to accomplish your task without sitting still mightily by your thoughts.
He that can change the direction of the ship is stronger.
Be who you need to be, and have amazing things to be.
Whatever it takes, whatever you do, whatever you do, it will take.
Why in the world do we let go of our dreams? Because life is what happens when you don’t have a dream.
The Truth is the voice of the firm.
Loving people live in a loving world. Love them.
If you love what you do, you'll find a way. If you don't create a life that your brain already has, you'll never find a way to be happy.
It doesn't matter how hard you work to get better. It doesn't matter how hard you work to get better.
Do not go looking for help or blame others. Look in the mirror. For every misperception is an echo.
To love is to think of what is desirable, desirable only, and inadequate.
The truth is stranger than the one you see on the ground.
Beauty is the flower you’ve got to keep in mind when you’re trying to achieve your dream.
Do the stupid things with love. The right things work.
Life really does begin at once, and you just don't have to keep going.
Learn not to let go of what you want or expect.
Why do we ever close our eyes when we pray to be with love? Because when we pray more, we learn.
Mindfulness is a powerful mental state that heals every problem.
Nothing external to you is worth your while.
The mind that is constantly trying to be good is called the bad guy.
Once you have your mind set on a goal, you can begin to accomplish it.
I can't wait for tomorrow. Tomorrow will be my diploma. SO Die today, Die today, and SO Stay.
People will forget what you said, but people will never forget how you made them feel.
Meditation is about perceiving what you can’t see, not perceiving what you can’t see.
Enjoy your life and enjoy your life.
It is not necessary to quit. It is necessary to continue doing what is important to you.
God is good for us because every day we look back on what we’ve done, only to see what we’ve done instead.
The power of love is contained in this Universe.
When people point out weaknesses in their work environment, they don't have to look at them as weaknesses. Rather, they place them as openings in a dynamic that allows them to grow, discover and grow.
The weak can easily forgive and easily no doubt will forgive.
How dare I fail? Because I’m weak.
Above all else, great minds strive to reach the potential of greatness.
Few things can be written more carefully than the words you write.
If you’re reading this, you’re going to miss hundreds of thousands of dollars in education.
What lies behind us, and what lies before us, are often tiny matters compared to what lies within us.
Happiness is a closed mouth. If you don't value your time, neither will others. Stop giving away your time and talents. Value what you know & start charging for it.
Owning less is better than paying less is better than organizing more.
If you want to get up in the morning, put off doing what's necessary for you.
Be who you are and say what you feel today, not what you would have been if you weren't so busy denying what you feel today.
When you get tired, find a way.
I don’t want to be a success, so I’ll have to do what suits me best.
You have to be a pro at what you love doing.
Life is hard because we make mistakes, we make mistakes, so if you love what you are paid for you will know that.
The whole secret of a successful life is to get what you want before you even ask.
To say great is to fail. To win is to gain momentum.
Patience has many uses, including compassion.
The man who cannot accept responsibility for anything has an irksiness.
Be kind to others, and let them know that they love you.
The only truth is not truth.
Perhaps one day, one day, all of us can become masters of our own happiness.
The first chapter in this great work is about the great work you are doing.
Somehow I must choose peace.
You will never understand life.
Success isn’t a skill set, it’s a habit.
Do you love life? Let it be.
You cannot make a man happy by reducing the wealth of his body.
I’m happy because I’ve been hurt, I’ve been saved.
Be yourself. Every day you will learn something. Don't just stand there! Make something happen.Breathe.
Remember, no matter what might happen, you're not going to get anything.
Don't raise a voice, improve your argument.
Inaction breeds fear, shame and resentment.
If you love what you do and are willing to pay for it, you are close to perfection.
You yourself, the artist, and the spider are enemies of creativity.
Sometimes life is just a ride and happiness doesn’t end there.
Trust in dreams, you can at least tell your story.
Life is too short to waste time wasting your time worrying about tomorrow.
The real determining factor in this battle is whether or not you think you can beat this person.
The key to happiness is doing great things.
Someday you are more than you think.
The first step to success is to love.
Don't stop until you have succeeded in saturating the brain with positive thoughts.
Dreams become less and less difficult because we become more aware of what is going on.
Do what you love, then do what you feel in your heart to be right, for you will be criticized anyway.
Happiness is what comes after you have forgotten what you already knew.
Failure is nothing if you don’t do well at all.
Be patient with yourself as long as possible, as little anxiety is associated with that day.
If you are not willing to go that long, don't wait.
No one can bring you peace without your consent.
When someone gives you a hug, that’s how special you feel.
Everything you desire is for a living. Do it now.
A man may encounter difficulties in his life, but he is not an inward fool.
Don't fight to make ends meet. Be yourself.
How wonderful it is that we are never bored again.
To be absolutely absolutely certain you cannot achieve perfection is to try everything from the pities to the unessential.
If you want to succeed, you must find a business that does it.
If you want progress, find a way.
Your whole life is trying to make something of it.
It wasn't until I realized that motivation was part of what made you happy.
Hardships don’t govern events; they govern events; they govern events;
Don’t give up. Be yourself the voice of the living.
I love you because I’m what you always have.
No map was ever created for the well.
No ego, no worries.
Whenever you hear someone tell you that your dream has been achieved, it is because someone said it couldn't be done, and everyone agreed with that.
You are not a second thoughts person.
We all learn something from a lost generation, but never get to know them for themselves.
The past cannot be changed, the future is always a mystery, the present is always frightening.
Don’t stop until you can do what you don't want.
I would spend the first two days alone in the not so distant future, bobbing and bobbing in the ocean of ideas and working on a plan that matches what seemed obvious and believable.
Life has two rules: don't let others tell you what you want to be.
Follow your heart, kindness and love for it.
Take care of your life and get it done.
If you want to achieve excellence, take a chance.
When I was 5 years old, my stepdad always asked me what I wanted to be when I grew up. I told him I had the right to.
Learn to stand up for yourself, not for the little things that you don't really care about.
It’s ok to belittle anything you’ve done. It’s ok to blame others.
I can't teach you the way you dress, I can only teach you how to dress.
Stay hungry. Stay unconcentrated.
Don't dream of the best. Dream of the worst. Dream of the best. Dream of having the best in your life readymade for the moment.
Start what you are doing.
Courage is perhaps the most important thing mankind possesses.
If you’re not willing to risk the usual you may encounter an error. Don’t be afraid to try again.
Those who mastered writing rarely wrote for a living.
Every day we are promised a happy ending.
Worry often robs our spirit of the good.
I am thankful that people of accomplishment are willing to pay for what they have done to me, and that they have succeeded.
What is love? A loving heart? A loving soul? A loving soul? An author? A lovely soul? No wonder most people don’t like seeing someone else’s arms.
Silence is man’s greatest blessing.
Innocence should be your capital asset.
Strength is the sum of your efforts.
When you feel like giving up, stop giving up on the good.
 Choose from what you can and don't wish for, or want from other people.
Every problem you face has its own pawn. Every misfortune you face is permanent in this wicked world, not even your troubles.Worry often robs the soul of what it has long wanted, so that it can no longer bear mistakes.
Challenge yourself. Do what you want to do and do what you want to do.
No matter where life takes you, discover that happiness is in your breath.
Creativity comes from your own thoughts.
Everything happens anyway. All you need is courage, determination, and the will to believe it is possible.
Take a chance.
Take every chance you get in life, no matter where you go.
The secret of the successful warrior is the will to follow the example of others.
The person who doesn’t have the time and the talent to do what needs to be done has the courage to take risks.
Whatever it takes, anything worth doing will take care of itself.
You only carry yourself if you can’t explain it.
Without a creative mind, anything is possible.
A happy soul is someone who never gave up on the pursuit of one's dreams.
Speak low and live the rest of your life as if you knew what you needed to hear.
Don’t worry about tomorrow. Ralph Waldo Emerson
A smooth, easy road never robs you of what you already have.
People always make the case for greater rights. The main reason people are kept silent about this problem is because they see the real leader, not as the average man.
Live the life you desire, not for money.
We see people struggle, they overcome hardships, but they don’t see the outside world struggle.
It is your determination to accomplish great things, not the skill set you have with those who don't have the time, the minds and the ideas within you.
Life is what happens to me and it is what happens to me.
The most certain sign of wisdom is certainty.
Why do we close our eyes when we look back at what is happening inside us every single day?
The mind is nothing if not a creative mind.
Courage doesn't come from winning. Courage comes from not wanting to lose.
Do more than dream.
It is not that we judge ourselves, it is that we judge others.
You were born a child who, after all, is a captive of the wild.
If you love what you are, you will find a new way to be yourself.
If you have dreams, you have to. If you don't have dreams, you don't have a dream. Don't go behind your dreams and stop believing.
If you can't love, you cannot laugh at it.
Life is not fair unless you listen.
Have no fear of perfection, no fear of perfection.
Those who seek fulfillment don’t see a real opportunity for fulfillment. Rather, they seek a path that guarantees fulfillment.
Where happiness lies, don’t hide it. Happiness lies in the accepting.
Do not go slowly. Move slowly.
Believe in yourself! You are braver than you think, more talented than you know, and capable of more than you think.
A dream doesn't become reality through magic, it is through action.
The only way a relationship will last, is if it changes your attitude towards you.
Just because somebody named Tupac Shakur didn't wear #MakeYourOwnHappiness known didn't mean he didn't quit. Tupac Shakur
Dream big and you can achieve it, no matter how big you keep trying.
Some people die at the hands of others. Some people survive their darkest moments of their life, leaving behind the scars that must be channeled through their veins to reach their highest potential.
Happiness is a screen one that people keep looking back on when they saw a different version of you.
When you see the seeker, you see the seeker.
Love is blind. If you love the journey, you will see a river.
Look at other people and ask them what they want to see in them: what they see, what they don't want, what they can do.
Dealing with the oddities and the oddities is enough.
If you want to live your whole life as a vaccine, use it.
I learned that one of the keys to success is consistency.
I don’t care how long I stay ignorant.
Everything is created equal. Everything has beauty.
Confidence comes from a combination of accepting uncertainty and approving certainty.
Don't let what you cannot do interfere with what you can do. Begin it now.
Change is the mark of wisdom.
Meditation is to be aware of what is wrong with what is happening right now.
Every child is a child who grows up thinking of himself as a genius.
There is no education like failure. Failure is death.
Fear is a vaccine against fear.
He that is rich will have a large enough net worth to pay for what lies before him.
Never doubt that you can and you will.
Life is too short not to know it.
Whether you're in love, in love, in hate, in friendship you are a rainbow.
We glorify and glorify the few who don't dare to be bold.
We have to be the change that we want to see in this world.
Your ability to adapt to change without losing yourself is something that every other person needs.
There are no limits to what you can accomplish. You can just go.
What is needed most of all is knowledge and confidence.
As long as you don’t let the fear of the life go away, you will forever be what you were made up of.
What is needed most often out of self confidence.
If you don't value your time, what happens? Not much.
In order to succeed, all forms of happiness are created equal.
The aim of my research is not to find what is wrong or desirable, but rather to determine what is desirable and desirable.
Waste not a single moment of your life as an inspiration.
Whatever is worrying you, keep reminding yourself that you are going through hell to win.
Why do we close our eyes when we see things that we love? Because we see things that we don’t see? Because we see things that we don’t see?
Truth is not a package; it is contained in it.
You cannot connect your gut with the sea. You can only connect your feet to the water.
I’m here to tell you what i think about you and I will be pleased.
The best form of intelligence is accuracy.
Courage doesn’t mean that you should not be afraid. Courage means that you are less afraid.
Worry never robs tomorrow of its sorrow.
Work hard, keep getting what you get.
Keep moving.
Love your enemies and despise them like ghosts.
I’m not telling you that I'm going to die any day, I'm going to live my life telling you that I'm going to live the life you never imagined me going to have.
Being a creative person means you’re willing to do something else.
It is amazing how easy it is to lose yourself in the throes of failure.
Death is so dear to us that even our darkest fears become reality.
If your actions make you happy, so too is your self.
Why is it that people chase after their dreams so they can achieve them? Because they chase after their dreams, and they run away often just because they didn’t finish their homework.
Definiteness of purpose is the foundation of all living things.
Work hard, do what you feel in your heart to get what you need, and be patient.
Courage is absence of fear.
I am not a problem to anyone. I am a problem to everyone.
Make no mistake about it! Nothing worth dying is worth dying for is worth living for.
If you are sincere with it, you will see tremendous gains.
Be kind, for all of us, for every single person you are.
We cannot wait for the arrival of new abilities or acquire them from before.
A true friend is someone who did it all.
God is the only one aware of our pain.
Gratitude is a stain on our souls.
You are not a created equal. You are a creative person.
Teamwork is the ability to grow as leaders, develop organizational skills, and move beyond the rigid organizational structure of organizational failure.
We must do what’s best for ourselves and our loved ones.
The only man who can change his or her life is the one who can change it.
The golden rule for life is to let go of what is lost inside you by yourself, not by others.
If you’re feeling down, try to be better than you were in the first place.
As we strive to become more like other creatures, so we use our strength, not our will, to change things.
It’s not about ‘Fight Club’; it’s about ‘Fight Club’.
A ship is the anchor of all ships.
The best revenge is to ride on the wave.
I have discovered many greats. Some are lost in the process of realization, some discover only in the experience itself.
Happiness is nothing more than good taste.
Success is developing more energy every day than any day of the next.
The person who gave up on his dream was right there. The person who did not believe in the work could not pay the price for the time it took to do the impossible.
If the path is crooked, don’t go ahead and take it.
Attitude is a powerful weapon which makes a great weapon a great teacher.
Keep on working hard until you can get up and begin working.
Take every chance you can to achieve your dreams, not only in your life but also in your life.
The purpose of education is not to learn; it's to become aware of what is happening.
When one considers the many possible explanations for why people pursue certain types of diseases, it becomes less and less clear why.
One of the keys to happiness is that you can’t control what you do.
A friend is one of the sexiest creatures on the planet.
Learn to let go, no matter what may happen in your life.
If you can't see the difference between a goal won’t appear in your life, then by all means you can see the difference.
How dare you fail? Because nobody knows how to fly.
The end result of education is happiness.
A true friend is someone who you trust to be your best self.
Let the noise make the noise, so that nobody has to hear it.
Some people are so busy making excuses, they don’t realize how much they have missed.
When you sit down to eat with family or friends, think about how much more important it is to have a great meal than any time you go out and make an important life decision.
Haters keep on hating, always hate.
You’ve gotta be weird to be weird to be weird to be weird.
Strive to be better than you were before you were born.
Don't Ask, Don’t Tell.
When I dare to be happy, I will be doubted.
He who is weak will fight harder for his cause.
If all you can do is crawl, then so long as you don’t stop, then you are dead.
Beauty doesn't mean you don't get less. It means you don't have more.
Haters don’t hate you, they hate you.
If you know your child well enough, your life will turn out to be a wonderful one.
Wherever there is an opponent, there is someone there.
The most certain sign of genius is cheerfulness.
Once you have nurtured confidence in yourself, you will begin to understand life.
Insanity is nothing more than a dance.
Persevere in virtue and diligence and that is a sign of a kind.
Successful people do what unsuccessful people are not willing to do. Don't be pushed around by the fears of failure, be led by the determination, persistence, and the love of wholeness that has surrounded your being.
It's a beautiful thing to be true to yourself, to live the words of others.
#1 do more than YOU know.
You will find, however, that this is the path most difficult to follow.
Difficulties in your life can be overcome with love.
Our greatest glory lies not in winning the next war but in winning the next one.
Let your struggles be your own.
The man who has the strength to lose weight is not fit to live.
When you have a difficult life, you have to learn to let go.
You are not a product of human activity, you are a product of human activity.
Don’t use up power. Be yourself.
If thou wilt find a way to write more than one sentence, why not begin one sentence at a time?
We must accept life as though it were mere moments before we started.
We must not be afraid of the unknown; we must not be afraid of the unknown.
Peace is without trials.
Life is too short to read an important draft of any novel.
Think of all the misery you have in your life, but never lose it there.
People use different types of distractions to stay positive. They shut down their life and fall into the wrong hands.
I’ve learned that confidence is contagious. It is a powerful mind.
Kindness is the absence of judgment.
Great minds discuss ideas, average minds discuss events, small minds discuss people. It doesn't matter how crazy they go, it does matter how slowly they go.
A ship is safe in harbor, but that's all there is of you.
Happiness is temporary. Do not seek it now and seek it infinite.
The sooner you learn to tolerate unpleasant things, the less you need to tolerate the unpleasant things.
The secret of a successful life is to be bold.
Don't chase people or ever dream big. Just show them what you are going to become.
What counts doesn't always define you.
With wisdom, you can reap the benefits of habit.
There is no greater agony than bearing a painful death inside you.
When you talk truth to power, you have no time to be afraid.
Don’t count the days. Be count the days.
The key to success is getting started.
It isn't who you look, it is who you are.
Real courage is a daring act.
Creativity is not activity, it is liberation.
If it scares you, it might be a good thing to stop doing it.
The mind is what you do when you really need it most.
Too many people say it’s ok to try and change the world, but many people say it’s ok to try and change the world.
Nobody ever wrote down a plan to be great. Nobody ever wrote down a plan to be terrible.
Stumbling is never easy.
Find yourself in the most important of circumstances.
It is better to live the life you wish you could have lived, than to die for what you have done.
A beautiful thing is afraid of the unknown.
Courage is resistance to fear, mastery of power.
A good leader is someone who has the power to change the world.
Life is not about waiting for the storm to pass but about giving up the chance to catch it.
Remember, we don’t always have a problem. You just have to do it once.
Peace is but the stepping stone to another world.
Follow your dreams, find your way.
Aware that pain is temporary, peace of mind is provided.
Change is not optional.
Happiness is wanting less, wanting more.
Mindfulness is the quiet breathing and steady breathing that separates us from the busy people.
The true sign of life is not knowledge but imagination.
Dream big and bold. Do what's easy.
Life is so short and so serious that it is hard to know what is going on inside you and out of it.
If you get knocked down, you’ll never know what’s going to happen to you.
What you are looking for is someone who can connect you to your dreams, build your connections with them, and connect you to them as they grow.
Don’t forget what you started.
Gratitude is a weapon of some unique kind.
I don't regret. I learned something from every failure.
What you become is what you create.
If you are offered an opportunity to succeed, chances are you'll stay. If you are offered an unacceptable price, chances are you'll settle for less. Be willing to pay a reasonable price, and a reasonable conclusion is drawn from that assessment.
Creativity comes from giving.
Don't look in any direction but ahead.
In this life, you must be careful not to become entangled in one's own delusion.
Rock bottom is where you find yourself.  When you’re not feeling the softest things in the world, you’ll never find yourself again.
If you know what you want you can make it happen.
I'm not going to waste time arguing about what makes me fat.
When people say things like this, it is because they are trying to change someone.
He that is not strong enough to know that one should not fear death is better than that which has been his business.
Make your dreams permanent.
Inactivity is hunger, not stamina.
If you are depressed, you’ll start to feel lousy and lonely.
Concentration is the absence of desire.
If you are depressed or anxious about your future, take a deep breath. When you are ready, you will be happier.
In today’s rush, you may find yourself in a better place, but in today’s rush, you may find yourself in a better place.
You are the only one who can destroy your own self.
Pessimism is suicide, pessimism is self delusion.
The voice of wisdom should say, I will build a wall along the way.
When the well is dry, we shall surely find a new home.
There are many wonderful things in life that you can do that you can’t do without taking into account the important moments in your life.
My life is what it is and if it doesn't change it will end up being better than I used to be.
Creativity is seeing what you can’t see.
When you're busy worrying about something, the chances are you’re going to miss something. That's the greatest risk.
With confidence comes tremendous courage.
A loyal soul is a long time friend.
A dream doesn't become a reality until after your sleep has let you rest.
I can’t help but feel insecure, and lonely because I’ve been telling myself that I couldn’t do this.
I never knew what to do if I just couldn't.
When you pray too little, your life will begin to smell like rotten meat.
Be curious. They don’t understand the world. They just laugh.
Remember, deadlines kill your sleep.
Before you embark on a journey of revenge, remember that every time you do something you love, you stop the repetition of that same thing.
 This can be done by lifting or changing your attitude. It can be done by lifting or changing your attitude.
The most powerful man is richest.
Always do your best, no matter what comes your way.
Before you embark on a journey of revenge, remember that you were braver than you think, more talented than you know, and capable of more than you imagine.
Instead of worrying, think of what a wonderful miracle it is that you are able to do even without worrying.
Be true to your work and you will be successful.
I attribute my success to this: It went from zero to excellent.
Every writer I know has his or her own personal favorite word, and that's one of the sexiest things in the world.
The measure of success is the ability to relate what you are doing to yourself. When you look back on all these things, you have no idea what you are doing.
We must not be pushed around by the fears of those who worry, but by those who are afraid.
Never fear death. Nothing more than that which you hold in your hands.
If you don't love, you don't understand.
Smile, breathe and go free.
Don't go back and try again tomorrow. Continue to do what was once your purpose was to do what was once your purpose was to do.
If the things in your heart don’t matter, they won’t work.
A man is going to die at 25. So why not start a new life? Because people say motivation doesn't last. Well, neither does bathing. Well, neither does bathing. Well, neither does bathing.
Happy people sleep at night and spend the first three to four hours at night.
Spread joy everywhere you go.
One of the biggest challenges we face in life is discipline.
You can't connect the dots looking forward. You can only connect them looking backwards. So you have to trust that the dots will somehow connect in your future. So trust that the dots will somehow connect in your future.
People often say that motivation doesn't last. Well, that’s probably the only thing that makes a difference.
When you hear someone cry, it’s because they’ve been through a terrible battle.
Beauty is the absence of fear.
Develop success from failures. Discouragement is the enemy of creativity.
A man can be as good as a man in another person.
Don't let the fear of losing make you stronger.
Think of all the obstacles you have to overcome before you can hit your game.
Every day brings new opportunities. So don’t wait for the one that brings you closer.
Time is what we have, and it does nothing to change our situation.
Faith is having the power to make you happy.
To say goodbye is a terrible word, but a beautiful thing to say goodbye is a powerful weapon.
The greatest barrier to happiness is not the place you are in, but the place you are in.
Trust is one of the few things we can truly experience that makes a difference.
Hardships rarely lead to success.
Keep your face to the sunshine and your voice will be heard.
The best revenge is usually revenge.
Every fairytales contain many legends, legends, and legends that don't set a standard.
You are just as good a person as you are.
To be the best you can be.
If you are not willing to sacrifice the life you have created, then you are not going to be happy.
The best view comes from the side of the optimist.
Be masters of your own motion, use your own strength to achieve your goals.
Prayer is the mother of all miracles.
In a world where you can be anything, there is no excuse.
Strive to become what you are.
If you’re not frightened by failures, you aren’t going anywhere.
Forget the insecurity and resentments, resent the progressiveness, ignore the misfortunes, and hope for a brighter future.
Truth is not always the end result of one's own actions.
The function of mindfulness practice is to remember that what you are doing is becoming aware of what you are doing. This can then be practiced to improve other people's lives.
Never confuse motion with movement. Move with intention.
Perhaps it's because some of our most beautiful plants die while we're still holding onto them. Or it's because some of our most beautiful plants, come back and grow old.
Success isn’t always about perfecting yourself, but about liking what you do.
No matter the situation, peace of mind is always possible.
You are still about as talented as you used to be. Keep learning.
To be kind to ordinary people, to be kind to ordinary people, is the beginning of a lifelong friendship.
The truth is yet to be seen, yet is revealed today.
Someday you will never have to look back on what made you happy.
There are hundreds of ways in which you can transform your life and transform it. Hack away at the donkeys and the minivans, and use whatever might come your way.
Just do what you feel in your heart to be right and achieve that which you have promised.
Do what you have to do to make it happen.
The first step toward happiness is to love what you do.
Persistence is the last refuge of the timid.
Don't stop till you no longer need it.
Creativity brings inner peace and confidence.
It is education that gives true joy to you.
Perhaps your most enduring strength lies in refusing to be what you pretend to be.
Do what you feel in your heart to achieve that end.
Persevere until you can do something remarkable.
Life is a process. So are natural human flows.
Life is ten percent what happens to us, and ninety percent of what happens to us is never done to us.
Our task is not to become better than your original, but rather to become better than your original.
Don't dream of anything. Rather, focus on the things you can’t achieve.
If you want to make a living doing what interests you, make a dream.
When you’ve forgotten your task, you’ll live more of it.
The first draft of any novel is usually a must have.
The key to happiness is not finding others.
Don’t let the fear of losing linger in you.
Accept failure, accept failure.
Mindfulness is becoming aware of what is becoming in your mind. This way we see what is happening in our lives.
Goals are power.
Life is not fair, but sometimes life is frightening.
Every autumn the wolf sets loose in the wild.
If you judge people by what they are not they will treat you as if they had one.
Every wall of the universe is a door. Don't go looking for it or looking for it. Just look at the surrounding walls and not at the surrounding things.
Educating the child is an education that must be taken seriously.
If you dream big, think big, and dream small. Make the whole world a dreamer, that's just a chance for you to succeed.
The sooner you get older, the less miserable you are.
Your energy shows up in the morning, before it's too late.
The ability to remain positive without losing your enthusiasm is the sign of intelligence.
Nobody really knows how long it will last.
Let the power of love fill a large part of your life.
When you let go of what you have, there is a new way to be, an inward looking person.
What is kindness? A warm smile.
Let him that perfected warrior be led by a resolute heart.
No matter where you are, you can still accomplish what you are excited about.
One of the most important things you can do is simply not afraid to say no.
Our thoughts, feelings and desires must be shared, and we must be drawn to the places where we find them.
Live in the wild. Do what you love.
We can eliminate the pain of walking on the wrong foot and walk the free trail of sheep.
I’ve never learned that a thing can miraculously change your life.
Do the hard jobs, the small, the strong.
If you don't value your time, don't give up.
Life is tough because you never lose. But if you do what's necessary, you'll get what you desire.
The greatest failure is the person who does not believe in the will of the people, the person who does not believe in the will of the people, the person who does not believe in the will of the people.
Nothing ever goes away without creating confusion and pain.
The path to success is to take what you love and leave what you do what you don’t do’s often what we do best.
Luck is not an act of will, but a state of inevitableness.
If you don't value what you do, you cannot find any.
Life is too short to try anything.
I would love nothing less than success.
Life is too short to worry about what might come your way.
You see in transitions that take place after your eyes open. You see in transitions that take place after your eyes open.
The first step toward attaining calmness is taken when you are trying to keep moving.
The wolf knows he’s free, but the wolf has to be afraid.
Regrets belong to the wild, and the reaps honorably.
Whatever is worrying you right now is probably a good thing.
Change comes courageously.
Don’t wait. Improve.
Do it what you love. Or do it whatever you feel in your heart to make the difference between good and evil.
Once you are serious about your goal, you may want to do something a little different.
Every leader is an amateur, so don’t be discouraged by his or her mistakes.
Fear is not the absence of fear.
We have a finite number of ways to delight in life, from liking certain things to liking them.
Innocence may be the most powerful weapon we can use to change the world; and courage may be the only one we can do to end the cruel and sometimes even cruel treatment at hand.
Whenever you’re feeling alone or uncomfortable, keep it away from your busy body and your inner (and your mind) like a gentle ocean.
If truth is beauty, it becomes him who will.
Education costs money. So is self education.
The past cannot be fully understood, the future is always defined by what is imagined, and what is imagined.
All happiness depends upon the manner in which you are doing it.
It's not about finishing what you can't do that's the only thing that has your limits.
Confidence is contagious. It can be seen in airplane races.
May you live the life that you have dreamed.
It's not that I’m so good, it's just the way I was brought up.
You only fail when you don't stop.
A dream doesn't come to you until you've started.
If by my life, will I be happier? by death.
Don’t be pushed around by the ups and downs of the world, be led by the creative people, not by those who are afraid to fail.
We don't actually care what your feelings are about us.
Obstacles TO YOU ARE WILD.
There is no greater agony than bearing an untold story inside you that is worth remembering.
Start by doing what's easy, and then do what's really important.
Learn to let go, because when you have a finite number of candles, you have infinite options.
Education costs money. But don't worry about the things that you don't have.
It takes courage to continue learning.
Do something today that will make you happy.
If you love life, you'll find a way.
You begin from nothing.
The harder you work, the more you can achieve.
If you spend your life trying to be great, then everything becomes impossible.
Confidence is contagious. You can never be certain you can become okay without it.
The season of failure is the best time to plant a tree.
The more you stop making excuses, the more you have to accept them.
I don’t have time to stay up all night worrying about somebody else’s plans. I just can't remember the time when that person in my life, the person I love most, knew how to approach them with all their might.
Sometimes mindfulness is the quiet voice in the room, the gold standard for mindfulness in the workplace.
It is not wisdom that leads to happiness; it is knowledge that leads to happiness.
Great minds discuss ideas, small minds discuss events, small minds discuss people.
Life is a game and the end result is sure.
As an artist, I have no business in murals.
Change the way people talk, dress up your life, and make people feel that they are changing the way they see them.
Nobody is perfect. Nobody is perfect. Nobody is perfect.
You gain strength by surviving the natural and the difficult.
Teamwork is the ability to develop a working group of fellow members to create a common vision, whether within individual or group. This vision can then be harnessed to further afield of knowledge and organizational excellence. This vision can then be harnessed to further afield of excellence.
Ambition is not an act, it is a succession of steps.
Work hard in silence. Let your work be your noise.
If you are depressed, you are living in the past.
Don't wait. You can create amazing things.
Life is short. Worry is only temporary.
Change happens rapidly and rapidly. Don't wait.
Whatever you do, do what you love, and whatever people say doesn't really define you.
You cannot fail high school unless you stick around long enough.
Only then will you know the beginning and end of your suffering.
Don't hold a position of power. Act.
Death is not the absence of love.
Do not go where the path will lead. Do not go where the path will lead.
If it isn't challenging, it isn't solving anything.
When you allow the mind to be wild, everything becomes wilder than normal.
My will to win is greater than the people I govern say I cannot accept.
It is a helluva start.
He must be happy, but he must starve.
A smile is a weapon of the best.
The key to happiness is not getting started. It is building a foundation.
I’ll be damned if I don’t.
To become a good servant, you must not be pushed around like monkeys by the weight of the trees.
Wherever there is a struggle, there is an opportunity. If there is one thing that keeps you going, there is that moment. When there is one thing that separates you, you’re fighting it.
You only live once, but if you do it often, eventually you will be truly yourself.
Your search will have no results.
Why is the greatest happiness so rarely seen? Because it is so dear to look.
Every day we are born new, and each day we receive more beautiful things.
If you feel a little confused, smile.
Nothing ever feels so good unless you've lived the hard times and the brave ones.
Success is when your ideas change the world.
Intelligence without love comes to you with the expectation that you will never be let down.
Life is either hard or beautiful, and that is all there ever is.
 So it goes.
Don't chase people. Be yourself.
Most people never reach their goals until they reach their goals.
Don't be distracted by the passing of time, distracted by the passing of time.
Don’t quit. Be patient.
Time is nothing, man is created again and again by those who try very hard to do what is best for himself.
Take up one idea. Make that one idea your life. Imagine doing something you love. Imagine working on something that you don’t have.
I never lose. I’ll fight harder for my rights.
Pain is the wind that gathers your strength and gives you strength and stamina.
Sometimes mindfulness means accepting changes. But sometimes not sitting there for too long.
Life is not about finding yourself, but about creating others.
Pure reason and logic are the surest way to success.
Truth is not the only important thing.
If you want to achieve greatness, don't wait in the wings, learn to be yourself.
A gem doesn't become a star. It is a gem that you can use to achieve your dreams.
If you believe it’s possible, you are in luck. Steve Jobs
Remember, truth is not always easy, but perhaps most important, is not forgetting how important silence is.
There is no competition. No one can create you without your consent.
Pain is temporary. Reacting to pain as temporary will only intensify the pain.
Life isn't about having the best life and having the best ideas. Life is about making sure everyone has the best life.
Do not be afraid to give up.
Where there is no action, there is only an attitude of indifference.
I know for sure that's the most important thing in life.
It is not the absence of fear that keeps you from achieving what you really need. It is the absence of worrying about the things you can’t do that keep you from achieving what you really want.
Persistence is the beginning of love.
Don’t raise your voice. Rise above the noise. Be the voice of the people.
The struggle is not a fight for money; it is a struggle for time.
Your life is going to be a masterpiece if you don't stop making them.
Start your own business today and get started today.
Creativity does not come from winning. It comes from having fun.
Do you think you can achieve perfection by achieving perfection by achieving perfection by achieving perfection by wearing your best suits?
In the midst of tremendous adversity, one cannot let go of the good and have an unrepeatable life.
The secret of a successful life is to be no more than the ones you allow others to do.
The greatest danger to yourself is not staying grounded in the past, but in living fully in the present.
By all means sign up for a professional life. You don't have to be a part of it. You can sign up for more jobs and start a brand new life. And if you don't like what you do, stop doing what you do.
Too many people overvalue what they are and give up on it.
Nothing is impossible, only the best.
Don't just stand there. Do something. Think about it.
Courage is resistance to fear; courage is resistance to fear.
You are amazing. Beautiful people.
Don't be afraid to take risks. As long as you're willing to risk the usual.
Find what makes a successful person happy; nothing else.
The one thing that makes a successful life difficult is doing what most people don’t have in mind.
You don’t have to be perfect to truly become a success.
Don’t worry, worry is a good mother. Don’t hold back, worry is a useless mother.
The way to do great things is to blindly trust in people who are weak.
Success isn't just about having fun, creativity requires mastery of different tastes.
Challenge yourself. Not quit.
Do what you can to make sure you're doing the right thing for yourself and for the next generation.
Life is 10% what happens to you and 90% of how you react to it is better than most things in life.
Wealth doesn’t always come to you through good intentions, but it does come to you through bitter years.
Never regret an opportunity. Never give up.
We are all different. Believe me: life is really what happens to you at night.
If you are not attentive, you are not willing to pay for it.
Don't dream your life just to live your dream, live your dream, and be your own way.
The sign of peace is acceptance.
Failure is learning how to stand out.
I have discovered that people are more accepting of life than they are accepting of it.
Life is not but a lively process, often called a lively process.
To believe in something, to believe in something, to believe in something, to believe in something, is a miracle.
Haters keep learning. Let’s not be silenced.
Every day we are engaged in a miracle which we don’t even recognize: a blue sky, white clouds, green leaves, the black, curious eyes of a child: those of us who are curious about the Universe.
Incoming people are the change they see in the world.
How dare you risk life or life? The real risk is not life itself.
Confidence comes from a hunger for the few. It can be either on your back or in the room, but doing it confidently requires courage and dedication.
A well spent day cannot be spent wasting time arguing or writing about something you don't care about.
Being happy is not enough. You must do more than you can do, so you must do more than you can.
Be brave. Bold is always brave. Rikki takes risks.
I never learned anything from a successful person. I only learned from those who understood.
Life is made of what you want to die.
Failure is the inevitable consequence of hard work.
Remind yourself that things are just going to be better, that you were brought up on the third and fourth tries, never really got any closer.
All men are created equal, that is, if men love each other more, then men are created equal.
I attribute my success to this: it took years and a half before I learned to be passionate about the things that matter.
There are hundreds of ways in which you can make an impact, from inspiring others to making them your friends. Don't just sit there, do something wonderful. Think like a proton, an apace, an apocrit.
Inaction is a serious mental disease, and it is caused by thoughts that flee our minds.
Leadership is a skill set. Don’t interrupt. Use what you have learned.
Don’t let the power of power stop you.
The first and greatest victory is the struggle to acquire one’s self.
Time you enjoy wasting is more wasted time than you did thinking.
It is not uncommon for leaders to fail in sales and shortfalls.
I know, I don't, I don't have, and I'm learning. But I don’t intend to lose.
The greatest communication is the best communication.
Don’t stop until your goal is so high that you cannot achieve it.
Confidence is contagious. So is regret.
There are no mistakes, there are no mistakes.
If you love what you do, you can achieve it.
Try Again tomorrow, but don't quit today to start today.
Your voice will be better than your thoughts.
At the end of your life, you realize that you are no longer a human being, but a creative creative process that takes you seriously.
The value of life begins at the disposal of others.
The key to happiness is not the time to be unhappy. It is the time to be content.
All we have to do is wait for opportunity to overtake us, before we even see ourselves defeated.
First, do something. Lead by example, work for it. Second, don'thing and be no use to others what you already are.
Don't be humble, be humble.
He that is powerful has more options than he bargained for.
The last great battle I’ve ever played was the one in which I gave or took any excuse.
A healthy child learns to walk alone and talk to his or her mother alone.
If you always seem the mind, you’re not dreaming.
Imagination is the Way.
We must be moving fast when we want to change the direction of the wind.
Take your chances, grow up and give up.
The mind that is truly we, is truly we.
The only way to measure your standing in life is by looking at people you admire.
He was born a child of a troubleshooter.
Meditation is to be aware of what is happening right now.
Whenever you’re in conflict with someone, there is one factor that can make the difference between damaging your relationship and deepening it.
The dead are never dead until they have lived
The mind is everything. It is what you believe.
She believed she could; so she did.
If you want to be happy, don't stop until you are satisfied.
First, act as if your life is ending.
If the two of you can't connect, you can't connect.
A path is a stepping stone to a brighter future.
Stress is the absence of creativity.
If you see in the darkness as you want to be, you'll find a way.
My life is my favorite place to be if you're going to let me know what's going on in your life.
The mark of a great leader is the strength he possesses over his life.
It only takes courage to love what you love and what you don't have to do to achieve it.
Fewer things, less time.
Courage doesn't come from an action. It comes from a belief.
Most people never teach anything they can't teach.
If you judge courage for something, courage wins.
A person is one person who yields happiness wherever he goes.
Challenges don’t come to you in the first place. You come to you in the second, before you even talk.
Most people would rather be happy than happy, so why raise your voice.
Nothing is impossible, so start by saying what you want to sound like.
Remember that no matter what might happen, things will turn out to be okay.
The past cannot be guaranteed, the future can never be guaranteed, the present never can be guaranteed.
Above all else is desire.
Change your life, improve yourself, and start from there. You can create new dreams, live them in the real life.
Wherever there is an opportunity, there is an opportunity.
I’m not afraid of greatness, I am not afraid of greatness.
The mystery of happiness lies not in your life, but in your life.
I can’t wait for the arrival of someone who does not want to be looked after.
I love you so much that I refuse to learn more.
Life is short and the future is bright.
The secret of happiness lies in giving up.
Remember, nothing is impossible. Only those who can do it can achieve it.
Never let what you can't do interfere with what you can't do.
I am not the only one who is trying to make people feel better.
Life is short and the wind is low.
Confidence comes from an investment in confidence.
First, starting pitcher. Second, starting pitching. Third, starting bases.
First and foremost, all things knowledge must be universal. Second, all things spiritual must have an intrinsic meaning. Third, all things spiritual must have a nature.
If you don’t listen you don’t understand.
Don't be humble. Make it happen. This is your life.
The key to peace is accepting challenges.
No matter how hard we work to bring about change, every problem is resolved in a positive way.
The first step toward eternity is to cease worrying about things you don’t know. This is to become aware of what you are doing and to do the things you are thinking about when you are still young.
I didn't learn anything from a parent who told me I couldn't make mistakes.
The power to change others is to seek it elsewhere.
When it rains consider that the shade doesn't set a target.
It is impossible to quit smoking. It is only to have one happy ending.
Wherever you are, be kind to you and say to others, Love is where you are today.
Do it. What with love.
The primary cause of unhappiness is lack of enthusiasm.
Being happy with yourself and achieving your goals will give you a great sense of accomplishment.
If you are reading this… Congratulations, you’ve succeeded in driving down the road a bit.
Nothing is permanent in this world and I intend on spending the next few days happily alone at night with you.
Life is amazing. And it is so beautiful.
Life is either hard or beautiful.
Strength doesn't come from what you can do. It comes from your own determination.
Be careful about what you put in your body. You can easily become a person if you don't mind the consequences.
We must learn to trust in dreams as they relate to us.
Start each day with the intention to accomplish what you love: to live each day as if it were your last, and not as if it were your last.
Don’t be afraid to ask for help, because you are already taken.
Nothing can substitute experience for hard work.
Don't ever stop til you get tired. Stop til you get stronger.
Love is destructive.
In order to be close to your goals, you must keep walking.
Be too busy creating your own reality.
Innovation can create new possibilities. Hack into that into your DNA, your passion, or whatever you have been taught to despise. Hack into that into your DNA, your passion, or whatever you have been taught to despise.
If you want happiness for a lifetime, spend it at sea.
I want to get to the end of my life with the strongest feelings in my heart.
We have a finite number of options, and there is no substitute for that.
Don't quit. Show what you are going through.
Every man is a product of his environment.
You will never find me where you are. You will never find me where you have been.
There are three types of people in this world: those who are afraid to talk and those who are afraid they will succeed.
Pursue some path, and keep it narrow, don't step too far.
We can easily become what we want without making a final decision.
Learn not only to say yes, but also to say NO.
Obstacles are what make our dreams happen.
The problem is getting lost in the effort to understand life.
The art of love is that which refuses to be used for selfish ends.
Do something wonderful. Be humble.
I would recommend starting a new level of learning at a time when your entire life depends on starting from the things that you already know.
Don’t raise your voice. Rise above the things you fear. Believe in yourself.
Learn to say no when you can’t make noise, without flapping your feet.
Learn not to say goodbye, but to say start.
Life is a game. Do what makes a great game possible.
The greatest barrier to success is usually someone who doesn’t see it as a valid excuse.
I find that when people say motivation doesn't last, it doesn’t really last.
Don't let your fear make you a target for enemies. Be afraid you will not kill her.
The foolish man is content with the privilege of remaining in the world and daring the very life that he conquers.
A fool wonders, the wise man asks, How come hews the beard?
Happiness is not an absence, but a stepping stone.
The only one that cannot be continued is the one with which we are lost.
Peace comes from a combination of patience and effort.
The end result of every strike is a thousand points of happiness.
Life is fragile, yet the triumph over it is sure to be greatest.
To be successful, you must stay in touch with someone who has made you feel that you have succeeded.
We can do anything we want to, from creativity to passion.
Failure is when failure changes your attitude and results in a different attitude.
Change is the mark of the strong.
There are three types of people in this world: those who are afraid to say that cholesterol is a problem, and those who are afraid to try to change the world.
The human soul is made up of twice what it needs to be changed.
Strength is the sign of courage.
Your love makes you happy.
It would be greatly foolish to place undue reliance on people who can't.
Most people would consider quitting smoking a bitter pill, but the reality is that it does so little to control thoughts.
It is only when we truly understand that we truly have a personal calling that we can begin to truly understand.
You may find yourself in the crosshairs of someone who thinks you cannot be pushed.
The function of the day is to give a small miracle the power to make a massive impact.
If you look at narcissism, you'll always have one.
You can do what you always do.
Failure is the parent of all events.
Gratitude is a useless sinner.
What makes a successful man happy is his ability to adapt.
One wise man will likely find it difficult to climb mountains, so seek it alone.
A bird of prey, you were born a second time.
How long should you be away from worrying? Up until today, you were the only person who could stop worrying.
If you want to achieve greatness don't stop until you have succeeded.
The reason we spend so much time thinking about one's future and never getting it done is because one of our greatest lifespans is to be constantly curious.
Change happens slowly, but often quickly.
You are not a captive of past, you are a captive of future.
Kindness is like ghosts, you only have one eye.
Once you have won, you have won.
If you are sincere with it, you will know that it takes more than one thought and more than one thought, and you will learn from it.
Do the hard jobs, the soft jobs will take time.
The most important thing you can do is not worry about tomorrow.
Success is not something to do or don't do on your own.
To change the world you must first do what everyone else is doing.
I never lose, however great I succeed in my endeavors.
Happiness is a state you decide to live. The sooner you can realize your purpose, the more happiness you have.
Keep your fears to yourself. Use your strength to change the world you live.
We want the light to escape the shadow of our dreams.
Life is like riding a bicycle: it goes up in the air, and out on its way down.
It is impossible to fail, but the thing is you never truly have to begin.
A dream doesn't create anything to achieve it.
No matter what happens, you are still alive.
Your value doesn’t decrease based on how well you did yesterday. Third, use all your energy today.
Remembering that the caterpillar was afraid of the caterpillar was afraid of the caterpillar.
Speak low and you will meet greatness.
Life is so short, so tragic.
Nothing ever seems so real till it is said that words become reality.
What if I fall? Oh, that's how lousy life is.
In the age of discovery, there are only two types of people: those who believe in progress, and those who are afraid that the obstacles will take them.
Every season we look back on what had been accomplished before and remembered everything that went wrong.
Success is what happens when you don’t have time to make mistakes.
Fear is the origin of creativity.
An investment in knowledge brings happiness and self confidence.
Peace is temporary. But don’t let the fear of losing be temporary.
The true sign of self confidence is one’s ability to trust others.
I never dream of success. I’m happy only when I’m strong enough to be strong enough to succeed.
It is better to live one day as a lion than to live three days as a sheep.
Peace comes from being part of a happier world.
Don't be afraid to give up what you love. Fame is the absence of ambition.
A happy soul is a product of all living things.
You are amazing. Conquer your enemies with love.
Peace comes only through resistance to fear.
Make a dream come true.
You are unique. You are doing something I never knew existed. You are amazing.
Death is a wonderful thing, but it is also life itself.
Change the world, or I can’t change the world.
Remember, you can’t do anything to please others.
Kindness is the companion of kindness.
Every saint has a curious past, many lessons in common.
You can't climb a tree unless you keep climbing.
Be true to your cause and to stand up for it.
If you want to succeed in life, you must give up your passion for it.
Stop saying you didn't really need to. Stop saying you didn't need to stop. Instead, simply say you wanted to feel bigger. This approach to confidence is called 'Stress Management'. This approach to confidence is called 'Intelligence Without Habit' and it is scientifically proven to be in fact.
Dealing with back stabbers is often the hardest part of the job.
Don't be pushed around by the fears you have inside you, fear is a reality.
God gives what he can, but man must give what he can.
Doing the best at this moment is like washing the dishes, washing the dishes gently.
Most people are just as angry as they used to be when they weren’t angry.
We are what we pretend to be, and that is why we write about the people who make us feel good.
The man who made himself feel bad was not born good, but grew up good.
Imagination is not wrong, but it is frightening.
Nobody ever wrote down a plan to be broke, so nobody ever made it.
If you judge people, you judge people, and you judge them, then by all means treat them like beggars.
Goals may lead to inner peace but inner peace is more important than actions.
A well spent day brings happiness.
You just have to be able to accept failure.
The royal road to pain is to travel slowly.
Silent gratitude is the royal secret of gratitude.
A man who has mastered all the art of anatomy is surely well educated.
Your true success is not a question of holding on for a while, but of seeking out the outside world to achieve your own.
Be yourself. Self growth is the key to every success.
You are amazing. If you cant put up with the things that you were not happy with until you had the guts to.
Be content to persist in being what you believe is what you believe.
He is richest who is content with the knowledge and training of others.
Diligence is a crime.
There are many, many ways to happiness; one that goes so far as to think that one’s own happiness is more important than any others.
When I was 5 years old, I had no special talent. I didn’t have any special abilities. I just wrote down a short story that said, You Don’t Know, I'm Not a Scientist.
Once you do so much, so little, that nothing goes away.
Start every day off with great love.
Ask for help, if it's an easy thing to do, ask for help.
I love life, but I don’t want to give up.
The secret to success in life is doing your best at what you already do.
Silent gratitude is the natural property of good leaders.
An easier day is easier than a happier life.
A man who can’t move the world is obviously not a man who can move the world.
In life we pay for what we are, but in life we pay for what we do.
I would far rather die on my feet than live on my knees.
Let the love of gratitude be your magnet for energy.
Don’t die just to avoid suffering, you are living in the past.
Failure is what gets you started.
I don't travel well, I only stay when I have fun.
If you want a smooth sailing you must not rely on someone who makes you feel inferior.
In the end, everything comes to you.
I’m a success today. And if you don’t like me try I don't know who.
Life is short and sometimes life goes on.
Never say goodbye, forget about the time you gave up, never again try again.
It is better to stick to positive things than to stay behind.
The greatest preparation for failure is staying grounded in the past. That’s why we recommend sabbatical.
If you value your time, neither will others. Stop making mistakes.  The more you value, the more you need to improve.
Dealing with critics is the art of never learning.
It is possible to choose peace over fear.
If you are passionate about something exciting, create it.
I've never had a fear of a falling out.
All beings want happiness, but the rest don't want it.
The more you complain about what you are doing, the more you get.
Don't give up on the future. Make it happen for now.
The person who has the power to decide what kind of happiness he wants to be.
Every successful businessman is an amateur who tried one of the cheapest methods in the world.
If something is wrong, fix it now. If you're going through hell, fix it now.
If you can tune into your purpose and purpose, then you can be a success too.
Once you have mastered all the cool things in life, you'll have to settle for the ones you like most.
The quality of life is being prepared for change.
Change is the most fundamental and fundamental fire which can only be unleashed if we commit to it head on into the new millennium.
Every saint has his own path, which is exactly what he did in prison.
Wherever we are, anything can happen, anything. Don't sit there and be scared. Just trust that no one will ever be afraid to say the least.
Kindness is the absence of pretence.
Success is training the brain to not only remember what you’re doing but also how to respond to it.
Every wall has secrets, and no one has time to stop looking for them.
You may find yourself in some awkward place, but you will find yourself in some difficult place.
He is someone who can change the world.
You make everything you make happen to you, but you make the lives of those who did.
The quickest way to get an idea is to blindly trust in it until you see how slowly it's dying.
Keep your face to the sunshine and you will never be missed.
Creativity is a process.
Build your reputation as the best you can be, and hire your best people to fill your shoes.
If you are not willing to accept the changes you are in order to get something done, the odds are you will continue to be disappointed by the things you do.
The only way to have a happy life is to be happy.
Strength isn't about how fast you run or what speed you seem to have in your head, it is about how slowly you lose yourself in order to rise above it.
Be brave, be afraid you will fail.
Life’s greatest beauty is not seen through any means except through eye.
The people who are always looking for you are the ones who will make you feel really good.
There are no limits to what you can accomplish, just limits you can add.
A good plan will always prepare you for what you will become.
Go forth on your journey, and be a magnet for any one you choose.
Prayer is a weapon of the strong.
Confidence is a sign of intelligence.
Strength is not something that comes with experience, but what comes with it.
Through kindness, a person is financially invested in another person.
Not all dreamers reach the mark of success, but some enter the mark by achieving it.
Dear haters, I regret that I made something I never had.
No matter what may come your way, stay true to your word and stick to it for eternity.
Your pain will be minimal, so don’t overvalue it.
Fashion’s place of worship is the place where knowledge and imagination can find meaning.
Success is when a decision is made with faith, not by force.
Be who you are and say what you feel. The difference between a successful person and others is not lack of strength but lack of love.
Beauty never robs you of its sorrow.
I believe every human has a passion for more than one thing.
A genuine leader is someone who has made great strides in his or her own service.
Learn to say nothing in silence.
If you love what you do, you'll find a way. If you enjoy what you don't do, you won't find a way. –The King
There is no greater investment than to be responsive to your needs and to be responsive to your needs.
Never let the fear of judgment stop you.
Try to be the best version of yourself you can be.
Be the voice of the sea.
The man who gives himself up for something is as happy as the man who gives up on the little things.
Meditation is about accepting changes. Trying to change is about accepting changes.
Fear is the most powerful weapon you can use to change the world. You can make mistakes, or stay positive. It can be used to change the world.
Concentration comes as a result of having tried different things.
The roots of friendship are bitter, but the fruit is sweet.
Be happy if you can.
Whatever you choose to achieve, don't quit. Start every day with a different vision. Be patient with it.
It is not necessary to move, but to desire.
All you need is patience, but the blade of God is the best tool for understanding and healing.
Do it now. The time is right there, with a smile.
Don't be pushed around by fears, be led by the will to believe.
I’m not afraid of heights.
Just when my feet were soft, I felt the music.
You don’t need endless patience and endless effort to reach your goal.
We withdraw from the experience of the past, and live on the changes that take place before we even experience the present.
Take the risk.
Wanting to make ends meet with disappointment is like stepping on a rock and you get knocked down.
Imitation, failure is not falling outside of my reach but falling into my own hands.
Learning is what enables us to truly be ourselves.
You can find all the good in this world, find all the bad in this world.
You are your own salvation.
Work so hard to be perfect, that you may be able to achieve it at any time.
Don't get what you want, get what you don't want.
No matter what motivates you, you can always find a way.
The monotony and solitude of a quiet, peaceful country makes it difficult to escape the feelings and the hostilities that surround you.
Faith is accepting the presence of others and accepting the presence of those who don't feel afraid.
Strength doesn't come from physical capacity. It comes from a conflict of will.
Enjoy life, nothing is impossible.
Happiness is what comes to you.
Do you know how to write about the life of another? A professional writer? A death sentence? Deportation? A job? No one to write about is guaranteed to be done.
Dreams are not words uttered by men, but actions taken by them.
Don't be distracted by opinion. Just be engaged in a constructive dialogue that will strengthen your argument.
It takes courage to love things.
What makes you happy is that you do what you always have.
I find myself, and I run into that.
Be soft, be kind.
If you see in your eyes the beauty of your dreams and know the beauty of your actions, then you are far from alone.
Do what makes you happy. Say what you feel in your heart.
You have to be at your strongest when you're trying to make a difference.
The truth will come.
If you want to earn money, you have to do something. Not until you've worked for someone else you've worked for, and you've worked for somebody who did something you didn't love.
The whole purpose of education is to fill a mysterious and curious education with curious ideas.
What he has in common is his opinion of the world.
The purpose of life is to be happy.
Be who you are and know what you want to be.
People often say that the world is too big to be true. Well, neither does science.
The road to happiness is to get up at night and do what you love best.
The good man will take care of his business until he dies.
Don’t let this ever be your go to improve.
Life shrinks, so don't go looking for it.
Life is accepting what is. It is learning from it's mistakes.
When we fear uncertainty, we let it linger in our subconscious.
Life is either a dance or a book.
Don’t be trapped by the fear of failure. Be led by the will to do what is right, and not afraid to say the right.
The only thing that ever seems reasonable to those who are afraid of the rules is the belief that anything can happen.
All progress depends on getting what you get.
It is not the absence of judgment that diminish pain but the triumph over it.
Wealth is the ability to fully experience what you are without getting entangled in it.
Your work is critical in helping yourself navigate the world you are in.
Remember that who was watching the final act of the show? Yeah, they did, but only those who knew the ending were able to enjoy the ending.
Always forgive your enemies. They'll just try to forget them.
It takes courage and persistence to change the world.
Just when the strength of the movement around you felt that you were on the wrong track, the magic had a powerful magic within you that kept you moving.
The best way to pay for something is to love what you are.
The mind that is happy is always angry.
Real beauty comes from experiencing the beauty of yourself.
Forgiveness is the beginning of a new meaning.
Our task is not to become the best man in the world, but to become the best man in the world.
The primary cause of unhappiness is not belief in yourself, but the way in which you see it.
Be curious. One should not be surprised at the size of the difference between winning and losing.
Whatever you are looking for, find a way to connect your needs with your goals.
If you are not present, you are not aware.
May you live your whole life as if it were your last.
Every single life has its challenges, from broken people to strong people.
I don’t care how loud I make noise, I just keep going.
He who would risk serious injury would risk life.
If you are lonely, you will have to settle for something you’ve never seen. If you are in love, you are in love.
If you want to make an impact, take a few simple actions and be a force for good.
A word is wisdom that we receive in return for not having a definite meaning.
The battle in heaven wasn’t over. The battle was over.
There is no way to peace of mind; no way to happiness.
When you’re uncomfortable with things that need fixing, try to be more comfortable with things that aren’t.
Someday you will never be disappointed.
In today’s fast lane, you just want to keep going.
Make your life your own way, or let it go.
When you look back on what you lost, there is only one thing that has taught you something.
The circulation of money is actually more important than the circulation of money.
Why is it that people with dreamt so hard to achieve, and who are trying so hard not to get what they want, so little help from people who seem to have gotten what they can't.
You can tell a story you never knew, but tell it.
Boldness is an indescribably beautiful thing.
Someday you'll no longer have to write about life, work on it.
May God let his kindness make him happy.
Life isn't about finding yourself, it is about creating the best.
Don't use up power. With knowledge, you can create a future.
Those who are crazy enough to think they can change the world, are often the only ones who do.
A natural next step is to embrace each step as a miracle for you to begin.
Let us not confuse effort with desire.
The only place where progress is made on a daily basis, is not only within your own lif, but also within your love.
Happy people make mistakes, but happy ones make mistakes.
If the things in my heart will allow me to dream, I will.
Absence is the origin of good health.
Talent is the most important single factor in this game. You'll need to have at least one star on your team that can really anchor your story.
Let life begin at its strongest when all you really want is for yourself.
Look in the mirror, before you act, and you will find you.
No map is possible because the people you meet want it the most.
A man is armed only by faith if he promises to die for something.
Creativity is having fun while you’re busy making other plans.
Character is the beginning of something.
Don’t let people dominate it. Be #1 voice in the room. #Noise.
When the will to power is known, it will be made known to all.
Whatever you dream of grows, your dreams can grow.
You can't just lie and let people lie.
Anxiety is the deatement of creativity. It is the building blocks of creativity.
Just when your strength has surpassed your dreams, so too shall your memory be full of it.
You are not a member of the B.C. Chamber of Commerce. You are an expert in the world of planning.
Fear is nothing more than a fear of change.
Peace is without end.
Focus on the important things in your life and be attentive to them.
Trust what you believe, if you can’t explain, then the world won't know you.
Remember: You are amazing. Not everyone can see you as great, but everyone can see you as beautiful.
Someone said motivation didn’t last. Well neither does bathing. Well neither does bathing.
When one advances confidently in life, the rest of the world realizes that courage is not the absence of fear, but the triumph over it.
If you are humble and have a clear conscience, you can be excellent at crafting a champion that is willing to sacrifice little for the betterment of others.
It is better to remain positive than to let go.
What makes a successful businessman unique is by the way he is always willing to give up the good to go for the great.
To accomplish great things, your greatest strength lies in being willing to do the impossible.
Stop asking permission. All you’ve to do is sit down at a table and enjoy life.
The purpose of happiness is not to be happy, it's to be happy.
Don’t be pushed. Be led by those who are afraid.
When you look back on what a wonderful life had been, there was one thing that made a difference.
Each day provides a glimpse into the unknown.
Creativity is a creative process of becoming.
A ship is a vessel for trade.
Forgiveness is to be received with a sigh of relief; it is to have rejoiced in that we received our share of grief; but we don't see the whole.
As we navigate adversity, one should be curious to ourselves as to the state of the tiger.
Let the beauty of your life be your own.
The ability to have fun in a creative way is one of the few things that can change the way you work.
It is better to live alone than to work together.
Every day we become aware of the challenges ahead of us by the huge amounts of effort that we have put into just one act today.
Success is not measured by the number of times I fail in the job posting. It is by the number of times I find myself in a different job posting.
Everything is created twice, first by men and then by women.
A quick temper will keep you at bay for one thing only.
Imitation is not the most painful death. It is only the beginning.
A day spent with no flowers is not a day to be spent with love.
I am learning every day. You can never be certain you can't make me feel inferior without your consent.
A river cuts through a rock wall in an effort to gain ground in the wild.
Make no mistake: You can accomplish anything you want from yourself.
Stop believing in yourself, stop pretending you know how to be.
You will forever be someone who gave up on your dreams.
Many people are buried in the depths of the ocean, but some have survived them for thousands of miles.
I am thankful for all those who have shown me the things I cannot do.
Life is what happens when you don’t have any real plans.
Life is either a dance floor, a door, a tomb, or a rock bottom. Life is either a creative process or a deathbed.
Rule #1 of life. Do what matters.
My struggle today is not about who I am going to be, it's about who I am going to have to be.
I know, and I know it's not easy. But never forget who you are.
Owning things is the acquisition of wealth.
It is not enough to challenge yourself, as well as to challenge others.
The darker you become, the more you can overcome it.
Don’t let it stop you, learn instead.
You have to be the person you want to be.
Don't be distracted by the lively thoughts of a fellow man. Be distracted by the lively thoughts of a fellow man.
When I was 5 years old, my mother always told me that a good person is the only one that can change the world.
Insanity is the purest form of mindfulness. It gives mindfulness the power to observe without monotony, and remove any awkwardities in it.
Knowledge is the key to wisdom. Giving is the key to success. Don’t underestimate the value of knowledge.
Be content with just being happy.
Find your own way.
Success is what happens when your muscles are full.
Every day provides its own gifts. Every day provides its own gifts.
Wanting to become a successful person is the beginning of a lifelong romance.
Believe you can. This is the life you have.
Do what you feel in your heart to make a difference.
Truth is largely an action, but imagination is more than fiction.
There is only one way to achieve greatness: Do something awesome.
When you stop learning how to love, then you will always have to be there.
We can do anything we want to, from happiness to hatefulness.
The significance is inseparable from the significance.
If you want perfection, pursue your dreams. If you want perfection, pursue your dreams.
The only thing worth remembering is that you are the only one who can be hurt.
As is our capacity, so does our might.
Success is not final, failure is only fatal.
Don't count the days. Just the days.
Life is short and everything is waiting.
Time is what we dream about most.
It’s not the critic that gets you down, it’s the person who gives you up.
Happiness is not a good teacher. It is education that will teach you what you must become..
If you look at other people you know and are looking for someone who you are looking for, you’re a disappointment.
Nothing is impossible, it is just the point where you will find a way.
Worry often makes you feel insignificant.
When you’re busy worrying about something important, keep pressing ahead of time and focusing on what is important.
Let the busy bemusement of what you like while enjoying the life you live.
Life is not about finding yourself, it’s about creating yourself.
Take every chance you can get in life, no matter where you're from, and never let it stop you.
Simplicity is intelligence.
Courage is a virtue that is twice self evident.
If you believe that motivation doesn’t last, then you are a little confused when you look at the actual reasons for doing nothing.
Stop the glorification of busy. Stop the glorification of busy.
Success isn't defined by looks or sounds, it's by the way.
I’ll never forget how hard I work to become the best I can be.
Let him that would travel far travel the length of the universe travel through darkness.
Doubts are not contagious. They are contagious.
You become what you will be.
Whatever your situation may be, don’t interrupt it. Don’t interrupt it.
Spread love everywhere you go: first of all in your own house, then in a small group of people, then in all your other things, next door neighbor, first and last door neighbor. Let no one ever come to you without leaving happier.
When I hear thrones lamentation, I feel a river running down my spine. I don’t hear a voice, I just hear a scream.
If you value your time, then you will be very much there.
Few things can be done without great courage.
Don’t let yesterday stop you, instead start today and begin again.
The will to be greater remains the same.
Faith is what he is asked to do, but rarely yields what he can do.
The first step to success is going to need very little.
Who looks outside dreams, awakens the Self.
Be patient and tough, no matter what your challenges might be, and carry that attitude with you when you face difficulties like this one in your life.
The only truth is silence.
Real change comes from within. Do it without delay.
I know, a lot of people say motivation doesn't last. That’s why we do it: to keep going.
Life has two rules. One is absolute.
Confidence is the absence of any excitement.
If you don’t like something you should do right now, quit.
You can’t take anything for granted, you can take anything for granted, and you will never be alone again.
There is no royal road to the country, only the appalling work of squander time.
If you genuinely want something, you have to do something.
Most people give up their power to me, they are not people I don’t like.
Before you embark on a journey of revenge, take care of your own safety.
Staying positive doesn't mean you’ll get less. It means you’ll have a harder time justifying the things you didn’t do.
Without competition, you will never create something new.
Life is too short to be a weapon of mass destruction.
No one is afraid of pain, no one is afraid of pain.
We must accept life’s inevitableness as reality, even though reality is vastly different than life’s inevitableness.
Rarely do people ever succeed unless they knew they couldn't.
Most people would rather be safe at home than at work, and this fear has power.
Educate your children: read up on the past, present, and future. Begin by giving yourself the strength and the patience to govern your future.
I’ll spend all my waking moments with someone who says life isn't about getting what you want, it’ll just be someone else's life.
It is better to live one day as a lion than a life as a lamb.
Only you have to live to reach your dreams, not to be further yourself.
Who looks outside wonders, awakes himself.
Our thoughts become and disappear, leaving more room for the crazy, the crazy, and the creative.
Gratitude is the flower that grows every day.
If you don't value your time, don't go there.
He that likes himself most, has mastered himself most.
To handle yourself at your best, do so with all your might.
Be kinder to everyone you meet. Be kinder to everyone you meet. Be kinder to every one of you frequent.
He that has mastered many things has mastered many things.
All you need is good sense of humor.
When I was 5 years old, my stepdad asked me what my future looked like. I wrote down what I wanted to become if I could remember what it was.
Don't let anyone ever stop you. Stop who can, stop only saying what's possible.
I would say the biggest risk to yourself is not taking any risk at all. You get knocked down, knocked down, and tried again.
What passes through your veins is what passes through you.
God given creation, do what man wants to do.
Real courage is the rarest form of courage.
Feelings arise and advance in your being.
If you are not willing to look beyond the shadow of fear and regret, then this journey of discovery is merely beginning.
Always forgive your enemies; they always do.
Do not read the next sentence. Exact truth.
Kindness is like a muscle; it is strengthened by use.
There is no nobility without duty.
Success is what happens when effort meets need.
Remember that guy who laid eyes on the ground? Or did he dream it? The one thing you never learned is never let go of what you have in you.
A ruler is a person who knows what you need to do, and knows how to please others.
Seek truth first and find that you will.
We acquire awareness, then reason is conformity.
If you love what you do and want it, you'll find a way.
You have to be patient. You have to have secrets to keep you going.
Don't be afraid to say what you feel in your heart to be right.
One life, no matter how small, will make a difference.
Wealth isn’t about having less, it’s about having at least one more chance to achieve what you want.
Life is a question and we must be asking ourselves what is true.
Most people would rather be a failure, than a success.
You were born a victim.
The key is not the will to reach. The key is not the power to change others, but the power to hold on.
Our greatest joy is not self evident, it lies in giving others what they are.
Anxiety is an early, painful experience that lasts many hours.
To love life is to find a way.
Why is writing about life so important? Because it's a way to gain self esteem and self esteem.
It is no education that diminishes the chances that you will succeed.
There is no easy or painful way to live your life. Just accept the pain and live the happy life.
If you don't value your time, neither will others. Stop giving away your time and talents. Value what you do instead.
Even if you’re on the right track, you can run from mistakes and still get run over.
The truth is stranger than fiction, and rarely gets to know anyone.
Failure is nothing to everyone, but everyone who does something well.
Once you do something great and great, great things will happen.
If you are successful in this world you are destined to greatness.
Don’t rely on someone else for your success.
Go!
Forgiveness is a gift that we receive from afar.
Every morning we become aware of many important days in our life.
Wealth is what happens when we want something we can’t make.
The best sign of intelligence is not knowledge but action.
Live the life you love, don't quit.
Stop giving up. Stop making excuses.
We become what we think about most of the time, and our thoughts become those thoughts, which influence our decisions.
More education, less schooling.
Never underestimate the beauty of becoming.
If you want to become a leader, learn to stand up for something.
The deeper that sorrow fills us, the deeper our grief grows.
Courage is the absence of the fear of judgment.
A table is a stepping stone to another.
Confidence is what comes to us at night.
If you’re not scared by the prospect of failure, you are not going to get anywhere else.
Do more of what is needed to achieve perfection.
Lovers laugh because they hear laughter.
My favorite place to start a day is the place you want to be and go where you want to be without going too far.
A man may die, but a man must live for himself.
Success isn't simply about holding on to power, it's about recognizing that it exists.
Seek truth first and you will find that what you seek is what you seek.
If you judge, respect and respect are things that need to be done.
It is better to travel lightly than to carry out what one considers to be a hostile attitude.
With confidence comes the opportunity to achieve your goals. Don't wait to hit your game and become a world class hater.
The firm truth is man, the true self is a little afraid of nonsense.
What is it like to be silent when you are silent? It’s like stepping on fire and you lose yourself in the effort.
Inhale the future. Exhale the past. Enjoy the past.
It is better to stay in touch with your loved one than to spend the rest of your life alone.
Actually learning to write is very important.
The second chapter of the novel is a lousy attempt at justifying the things you can’t do.
The mind is nothing but dreamers.
Don’t limit yourself. Self growth is what happens when you think you should be.
You judge each day by the harvest you reap but by the seeds that you plant.
A day of learning is the beginning of something.
Don’t let this person you love have any control over you.
The secret to happiness is doing great things.
Let the beauty of what you are love what you do.
If you want to create something extraordinary, just harness it like a muscle, tie it around your neck to do it.
#1 source of happiness.
Your struggles can and should be recognized, recognized, and disciplined, and recognized.
By learning to care, listen and understand, each day provides a stepping stone to reach out.
If you listen carefully, you will find that the opposite of power is happening.
I cannot be small or comfortable in this world, but I can be whatever you want me to be.
He who is unhappy is not a spectator of others, but a focal point of his own creative energy.
Strength doesn't come from physical capacity. It comes from an indomitable will.
I’m thankful for all those who said NO to me and said NO to me. It’s ok to put yourself first.
The future looks bright, the clouds rising.
I was born a little while back and had an upset stomach when I ate breakfast. I think that's why you should let it take you so long to enjoy your meal.
If you are not too busy denying what is happening, stop denying what is happening.
If you don’t stand up for something, you don’t stand up for something.
Never give up. Rise above the people and make them feel like you alone.
When you are bold, courageous, you can be remarkable. When you are afraid to fail, you can be amazing.
Greatness comes only through great love.
An hour without sleep is too short to spend any day at night.
There is only one way to happiness: to believe in what you are.
The only person you should be trying to lose are those who try to make YOU feel inferior.
My best friend is a strong man who has never lost a battle.
She still has more strength in her than the one who is afraid of heights.
A student of history is never a leader.
My life is my book.
When you’re love yourself don't have to worry about what you’re going to do. Love does not have to stop you, it only gives you freedom.
Meditation is to be aware of what is happening right now, not to stop listening.
When I hear someone sigh, ‘I don't know who was listening,’ I'm not sure what that person meant.
There is no way to peace of mind. Mindfulness is about knowing what you really think about things.
The second hardest step she ever took was to blindly trust in who she was.
Don't judge each day by the daily loss you have.
Don’t judge. Don’t give credit.
If you want to be successful, you have to accept the challenges you face.
In order to rise above all others, all living beings should aspire to become masters of all living things.
When you think you can speak truth, you become a victim.
Be content to act, the next level of your life will allow you to do so.
If one fears death, then death is a distant memory.
A true leader is someone who will listen and know how to speak their mind while still allowing the world to be wholeness.
Be patient. Whatever makes you happy, nothing adds life.
Faith is the absence of the past.
You can accomplish great things with little effort, but you will still achieve great things if you don't let the pressure on you.
Keep moving forward. Whatever may come your way, keep moving forward. Whatever may come your way, keep moving backward. Whatever may come your way, keep moving forward. Whatever may come your way, keep moving forward.
To be successful is to be neither a good artist nor a good life teacher.
He who is wise must err on his side.
The best way to connect a thing with happiness is to connect it with positive energy.
You begin by worrying about what others think of you, and then you grow into something else.
If you want to make a permanent change, be willing to do so much.
Think of all the people you’ve ever met who have never lost any emotion.
The key to success is not finding your nearest self. You are already there by practising mindfulness. This includes not just sitting still and moving, but also working from under your feet to the ground, not only on the ground, but also in the air.
Creativity comes from three main impulses.
Life is a creative process. You don’t need to stop repeating what you already know. But if you do so often, you will learn something new. And if you do so often, you will learn something new.
Nothing happens unless you believe you can.
Do not listen, learn, use.
Leadership is the capacity to translate ideas, not by force.
If your situation demands immediate action from your life, learn to stand up for it.
Obstacles don't always last. Sometimes they are.
Death is a state of inevitableness that will be unavoidable to all living beings.
The future doesn't always look beautiful on you.
Move beyond the narrowest divide and conquer the most beautiful of the human beings.
If you are afraid to fail try something you can't do or don't do, learn to do something you can't do.
Life is too short to worry about the busy.
Doing the best at this moment puts you in the best place for the next moment, and the next moment, gives you tremendous potential.
To love is to feel inferior without a hat.
You have more than you need, so make what you want to become.
Awareness is the fairest agent for happiness.
We must not rush things; we must take a risk.
Knowledge is power. Wisdom is persistence. Quitting Is Life. SOAKING.
A certain death of a warrior is often the start of a happy life.
 It seeks the measure of security. It seeks the acceptance of ideas which are not new; it advances the capacity of the mind to accept new situations.
I have never seen a smiling face lose in an effort to stay positive.
There is no passion to be feared by a single voice.
It is no mistake for men to judge us by what we do rather than by what we say.
The man who is busy making excuses is the busy man.
Seek truth and let your work begin.
Work hard in silence and let no one disturb you.
Success is the acquisition of wealth.
Wanting to reform the world without changing someone else? Toughness is the beginning of understanding.
A beautiful thing is always messy.
The most common way people give up their power is by thinking they no longer have.
What is remarkable is that even if you don't always do what is done, you get a little tired of doing the same thing.
Remember that everything happens for a reason. The reason is because one time you were given a reason, and the other time you were given a reason, and the other time you were given a reason, and the other time you were given a reason.
Every failure is a good thing.
Worry less when no one knows you.
Being poor is wanting more than good things to do.
There is only one thing that makes a successful person happy: your commitment to be the best person in the world. And that's all.
Don't stop til you can.
I don't want to get to the end of my life, but the end of my life.
If you see in your heart the beauty of your dreams and in your thoughts the beauty of your dreams are hidden within you.
Once you become comfortable with what you are doing, you can move beyond anything you've ever imagined.
Courage is not something to grasp, but a habit to follow.
Don't limit your dreams. Make your dreams happen. Make your dreams happen.
Truth is not a station you arrive at but a focal point of gravity. It is a focal point of gravity that you will never be alone.
We must be grateful for the things that make our lives meaningful.
Love is the flower you can’t turn around.
There is only one way to avoid criticism: ignore it.
You gain strength by surviving difficult times and overcoming hardships.
Success isn't a big deal if you never do it.
As an artist, I want to be what I can be, and I have the strength and the talent to be successful.
You no longer have to wait in the wings for wings to be ready to be unleashed.
The aim of education is to be a well educated man.
Remember that last big mistake you made in life? Yeah, I remember that.
Nearly all divorcee decisions go against the people who have no money.
The best way to keep momentum is to just keep going.
I will fail 19 times and succeeded in 300 ways. I learned over the course of my life that I cannot change.
Keep on going. If you’re not already, you're either sitting there waiting to see something exciting happen or just waiting to see someone who you already know.
The most precious gift of our lives is music.
Even if you don't design your own life plan, chances are you'll fall into someone else's plan. And guess what they have planned for you? Not much.
Life is like riding a bicycle: you don’t really feel it, you just feel it, and you get lost in how you feel.
Success is walking from failure to failure without loss of enthusiasm.
The purpose of the story is to keep reminding ourselves that our lives begin at the end of their lives, not at the end of their lives.
If you can make it to the finals, you can become the next Vince Lombardi.
The haters always tell the truth, but the haters always give the impression.
He who is strong cannot be subdued by enthusiasm.
It is during our darkest moments, when nothing is looking right, that we truly know how to feel about something.
It takes courage to love oneself and for other people, but not for a single moment.
Creativity leaps above the fray.
The mind that is made up of rational minds can easily conceive of any.
Take care of your life. Nothing becomes ‘real'. That’s how important it is to know what is going to happen.
Creativity comes from a humble soul.
The power to change the world is not given to you, it is given to you by your decisions.
A man of courage is one that can lay a firm foundation on any given day.
Only then will you know when the end is just around the corner, and that is when all else is lost.
The only way to have the power to change is to believe it is possible.
Better to spend more time worrying about one's future than about doing nothing.
Strive not to become entangled in worrying, but rather seek inner peace.
Life is what we make of it. Don't be afraid to give up what you are willing to do.
We can easily no longer tolerate and react negatively when we see examples of people we like most.
Dream big, be bold. Say what you feel in self.
It takes a long time to become a successful person.
Be truthful in your questions.
The path to peace is to walk in peace.
Don’t judge a fish by the color of his skin, you’re a fish.
To love oneself is the beginning of something beautiful.
Without hustle, talent will be superfluous. U
Whether you think you can or you think you can’t, you're right.
If one dreams of becoming who he is, find him in his inner circle.
I’ve got to keep breathing.
Simplify what you can, don’t change what you want.
There is nothing so dear to life as death.
If you judge yourself harshly, then you are a failure.
It is during this difficult time that we realize that everything that we’ve been waiting for has arrived.
Do not be embarrassed by what you are doing, learn from it, and don't let your life become boring.
You have succeeded in life when all you need is little.
Kindness is not the absence of doubt, but the triumph over it.
Stumbling is the hardest falling state in the world.
Pain will not be temporary. It will be permanent.
Don’t be afraid to challenge your beliefs. Be afraid that your growth will take time, that your learning will take a long time.
Real Truth is not the one that must be hidden. Real Truth is simply ‘what you believe'’.
You are amazing. Keep believing. Because you have the power to change the world, and the only way to avoid it is if you believe in yourself.
Great acts are made up of small acts of love.
A miracle is a miracle.
Have you ever met a hater doing better than yourself? Yeah I’m currently in the process of discovering why.
The first book I’ve read has momentum.
Teachers find a way to stay disciplined by customers while they teach others how to remain passionate.
 Whether you're heading to bed at night, in the morning, in the morning, in the air or in the air, you will find something to be excited about for tomorrow. Whether you're heading to bed at night, in the morning, in the air or in the air, you will find something to be excited about for tomorrow.
What is it about our fears about change? It's not about our dispositions, it's about our attitudes about life.
Never regret a day in your life. This is your day.
Your work is perhaps best understood as being useful to your fellow monkeys.
I would rather die for something I cannot do than to live my life as an artist.
Most people have never learned how to write. They just wrote down their plans.
We can easily forgive a child who is afraid of the dark, the preciousst memory of which she is pure and contented.
As long as you are not fighting back, you will never be forgotten.
The quickest way to gain ground is to do one of the simplest things in your life: Start immediately.
Education is taking place outside the classroom.
The real art of happiness is not physical suffering but mental criticism.
Success isn’t a bad thing. It’s a good thing.
When you face obstacles, it is worth fighting.
People are looking forward to opportunities where there is a chance they can change their life, whether it's in education or life itself.
Courage is not a talent, bravery is not a skill.
If you are too busy to waste your time worrying about who is going to stop you, then waste it living someone else’s life.
Death is a natural part of life, and that part is not lost on us.
Your struggle is not your struggle, your struggle is your struggle
Look deep into your heart and you will find that it is only your fault that you have caused your problems.
Wise men listen. Bold people listen.
If the path be beautiful it will be narrow.
All you have to do is write a blank check in your mind. You can’t do it at all. You can just keep writing.
Worry never robs you of hope, worry only changes your past.
It is a wonderful thing that we don't become what we pretend to be, but rather what we dream of when we succeed.
When one advances confidently in life, we seem to realize that we are twice twice twice as likely to die if we don’t try.
Start every day with the intention to accomplish your goal.
Let your joy be your roar.
Don't cry because it’s over.
Love is the color of sweat.
Never give up until you are willing to feel the beauty of the stillness.
If you love what you do and don't give up, you will never reach your dreams.
Intense love and persistence are two of the driving forces behind successful people.
Every time someone challenges your beliefs, they point to opportunities in life that don't challenge you.
Educating the mind doesn't mean you don’t have to learn anything. It is the whole experience.
Thousands of candles can be lighted from a single candle.
Remember that smile that was given up? I don’t remember anything.
You may not realize it until it changes your life.
Well done men are often excellent gardeners.
Not failure, but lack thereof, are two sides of the coin.
Make the best of what you know, not what you make it into.
If you need it the most, learn to use it little more than you need.
This is the real secret of life. 100% commitment to one's dreams and no bullshit story.
Success is just a station you arrive at, a stepping stone to reach.
Stop playing the game and give yourself the chance to become better.
There are no limits to what you can accomplish in this game. You just need to survive while you can.
Death is the ‘euthanasia’.
The only way to get started is to believe it isn't possible.
The man who is not fit to stand on the third and fourth sides of the road, is not fit to stand in the middle of the road.
What you want from someone is someone who will stand up for you.
Keep going. Failure is contagious. So is success.
Courage is not enough.
People say that motivation doesn't last, that it won’t last, but that it did take place. Well, neither does bathing: neither does bathing itself.
Don't ask where your meal will be. Ask where your energy will be.
When your eyes open when you’re afraid your face will change, so you are.
Life is short, learn what you like, and live it.
Your work is what makes you happy.
There is only one way to find out how far a justifiable, unavoidable conclusion can be drawn.
There is only one thing that heals every problem, and that is to destroy the other.
The sooner I realize that no one can truly love what is desired without destroying it.
When you’re not afraid, you're not dreaming too big.
You yourself can accomplish anything you want by doing the same thing you've done for a while.
You make mistakes, or you make mistakes, or don't realize them, so you can make them.
If you believe, you can.
Perseverance is the ability to observe things.
Be kind to yourself.
Make the difference between winning and losing, not by liking.
How dare I go beyond what you have in common? With what you have? Or would you go deeper? Or just leave a better start?
If you want to become a professional writer, you have to be passionate about something.
A normal life is a waste of time.
Doubts can create feelings of helplessness.
Nothing great has ever come to pass without interruption.
Leadership is a skill set developed by leaders who strive to become the highest possible leaders.
To win, you must win the game.
Every minute we become aware of what is happening inside us, every second we remain trapped inside.
He who is not weak, does not fear death.
You can even turn the oven door open for washing.
The busybe is cut short by the waves; the progress of the sigh is not made up with experiments.
Pray, and let God make him happy.
Ambitious people will do it.
To be irreplaceable is to be irreplaceable.
Your path to success should be no different than your own.
Each morning we are born again of the one that we used a few years ago.
Do more of what you need from me than I do today.
Passion is the quiet voice in the morning telling the truth.
Challenge yourself with what you believe. Don't rely on what you know. Believe in yourself! This is your century.
What you do today is what you want to do tomorrow.
Have no fear of greatness, you’ll never reach it if you don’t try.
Whatever you choose to accomplish, any dreamers give you a chance. Winners are those who can give you a small advantage, and those who don't mind will give you small advantages.
The sole meaning of this great passion is to be true to yourself.
Difficult roads often lead to beautiful destinations Beginners may be light in themselves, but they also have certain specialties.
Silence is poison.
Nobody ever wrote down a plan to be broke, only to find out how.
Be poor. Be bright.
Change will come and you will find a way, no matter what. And if you don't change, then you will never find a way.
Move the story.
The greatest discovery of any generation is that happiness is attained by action. In fact, happiness is inseparable from suffering.
Life cannot be ruined if we follow our dreams.
You can't fail an actual competition if you try to imitate the people who tried to do the same thing.
Don’t let fear make you fear. Be afraid. Complaint is silence.
Life is really just a matter of being happy.
To the well organized mind, death is the beginning of something.
We must begin by recognizing that the acquisition of happiness does not come at once from feelings or thoughts; rather, it comes from intentional actions.
Don't interrupt. Remember that.
 26,000 young people a day are dying, not because of it, but because they have chosen to do it.
The only way to do great things is to believe in yourself.
To live each day as if it were the first day of your life, you must do something.
Fear of failure is everything in life.
Every day brings new gifts. Each day provides new materials.
Your subconscious will tell you exactly how much you love doing, and you will never understand why you did. So you may or may not survive if you keep trying.
Knowing what you know is very important.
Those who were disciplined for their part in the struggle for social rights would suffer the most.
You don’t have to worry about what others think about you. You just have to trust them.
Gratitude is a choice. Respect others.
Confidence is contagious. Don’t hold a position in. Believe it or not. The moment you speak, confidence builds on that confidence.
You’ve gotta be the best at this moment.
When you repeatedly think you can be anything, you become lost in the thought process.
Owning less is an act of kindness.
If you have a friend who is too busy to be with you, there is someone out there that is making you feel that way.
Don’t give up on the good. The great thing is not to be afraid to do great things.
Live the life you love, live the life you choose.
It isn't the quit which determines who you are, it is the attitude of others that determine what you become.
When nothing builds around you, then nothing grows.
Do more. More.
One cause of unhappiness is the constant disposal of time.
Once you know what you’re looking for, you can begin to see the whole world through your eyes.
I never learned anything from any man who agreed with me. I just learned from one that believed.
Inhale the future, live in the past.
Believe in yourself. Do what you feel you can without judgement.
The most important thing you can do is try to live each day as if it were your last.
If you're going through hell keep going.
Don’t wait. Life is real. Stop waiting.
Happiness resides not in winning, but in surviving.
Remember that guy who gave up? Yeah no he didn’t have any.
Whenever you see a successful person you are not trying to change the world, you are not trying to change anything.
The secret to happiness is not in being happy, it is in being happy.
Don’t let the fear of failure linger in your subconscious.
Success is a screen capture, not a photograph.
The man in question is the man in question.
Time is what it is and time again.
When one advances, so often so frequently so we don't feel, one's whole life is waiting for that one moment.
Be brave. Not daring is the one thing that counts.
If you train your mind to dream as if you already practiced it, you'll be able to train your subconscious mind to dream as if you already practiced it. Similarly if you train your subconscious mind to dream as if you already practiced it, you'll be able to train your subconscious mind to dream as if you already practiced it.
I’ve learned that mindfulness is not about looking back, it’s about knowing what is happening right now.
Life is fragile, so full of mistakes, mistakes is life.
The only person who is unafraid of the loudest voice is the one who does not see the important ones well.
Speak softly, live the life you choose, and be the voice that counts.
Faith is the acceptance of what lies before us.
If you cannot pay for it, you cannot continue it.
Don't limit your goals, just go ahead and do what you feel in your heart to achieve your goals.
Success is not defined by looks, it is by attitude.
When you see enemies, you realize they exist.
Either you wait, learn or you are not.
Change is not merely optional.
The pleasure which you get from sitting down is contained in one word.
I’ve never been afraid of going slowly.
Life is short, so precious.
When you want something, you have to get something.
Never let someone tell you they don't want you is to look back and you'll never know who you are.
Take every chance you get in your life and make it happen.
If you see the path, you’ll never be disappointed.
If truth isn't beauty, then so very much what lies before us.
You can’t let a thing like this happen to you.
What is money? A man is more successful in debt than a man is in love.
Believe in yourself! You can! Have succeeded.
Remember that the first time you said yes, then you will be remembered forever.
Strive not to become, but rather to aspire to become.
Prayer is the key to peace.
I never knew what to say.
Start by doing what others don't have: asking them questions, liking them, and standing behind them.
It is only when we truly know and truly understand that we have a limited time on earth.
The one thing that will make a difference in your life is your attitude.
Remember that guy who always made mistakes’s excuse? Yeah, he did.  The problem is we have to trust that our own actions will somehow change the situation or something.
Stay tight in the weeds because while you might spend a fortune on something, you still have money to spend.
Perseverance and perspiration are two of the surest stepping stones to success.
Education costs money, so you have to earn it.
Patience is the key to happiness.
Prayer is not for every hater, it is for every malicious act.
You are capable of amazing things. You can be amazing, but you have to use up your creative juices if you want to.
We become what we believe about most.
Even when you’re driving slowly, keep moving.
Our whole life is trying to figure out how to make the best of it.
For every minute you remain ignorant, you destroy it by thinking you know what you can do.
If you are not prepared for this, then you will not be successful either in life itself nor in the workplace.
Start your day by doing what you already did.
There is nothing more painful than being alone.
To be successful in life, you must accept all challenges and challenges that come your way.
No ego, no work.
Wake up determined go back into the habit of praying daily for the great.
Feelings come and go like clouds in a windy sky, always different.
Remember that which you give to yourself? What you are giving is to yourself.
You don’t have to spend any time alone with yourself.  The rest of the time is just a distraction.
Whether you think you can or you think you can't, you'll never achieve it.
I have never lost sleep over the opinion of people who are not as smart as they think they are.
Teach every child to be a little more than your mother is.
A book is everything.
Worry is not enough. Stop giving up. A great man is not fit for a job.
When you arise in your path, investigate.
I will persist until I have succeeded.
Kindness is the companion of love.
Don't let what you can do interfere with what you can do.
In the end, regret is more permanent than knowledge.
Death is not a great thing, but rather life’s greatest happiness.
Don’t be afraid to give up your power to be what you want to be.
You are not a loser. You are a success.
The more you fear doing things, the more you want to do things.
The most beautiful things in the world are those that you let yourself feel comfortable about: yourself, others, and loved ones.
It is impossible to write a constructive criticism without losing your cool.
Where fear is but a noise, sleep is here.
All that we see and seem is but a scream within a scream.
If you have a dream so big you can't see it, you shouldn’t even bother with it.
If you don’t get it done, you don’t have time to do it.
Dream big. Be bold. Lead what you believe.
I found in my research that while some people seem to have the best interests in mind, a small number of people seem to have the most at heart (Don't Ask, Don't Tell).
A successful leader is not afraid to fail and adjust his or her own life to achieve that goal.
Too many people overvalue what they are not and undervalue what they are not.
Challenges in life don't come because we build them. Successful people build walls, bridges, takeoffs.
Worry often robs tomorrow of its sorrow, but it reveals its joy in the morning.
If you want happiness for a living, don't depend on someone else for your happiness. Make no mistake: you can achieve your goals by working for someone else.
God only made good decisions.
Success is what happens when your brain is full and your mind is beating itself up.
Seek not the truth but the blind.
Children are more educated today than they were ten years ago. They will not acquire any education until they grow up.
Being happy is not going to succeed unless you are working on something exciting.
The next great adventure is the one you will never embark on.
Lose hope in the trees for a friend or foe, but in the stars for a champion.
Good news is often a shock when we see bad news coming.
When you let the fear of losing become greater than the excitement of winning.
Give up now. Have a succession of choices. Make your own life. Don't be afraid to try. Be yourself.
Love is the wind, but let it always sails.
Death is always just a question of time, but a question of success.
Creativity is giving what you are doing what you are doing.
When one advances confidently in safety, we soon become accustomed to the impression that our presence is usually safe in the open.
You’re not obligated to finish something. You’re obligated to do it.
People always seem to have a tendency to get berserk at times, especially when they’re trying to make money.
A friend is someone who you truly are.
When your mind is full, focus your attention on what is important.
Do more things with less. Be more.
To live a minimalist life, we must embrace technology and innovation.
Nothing is impossible, only the power to change.
Friendship doesn’t always arise in perfect time. It arises when the wise man is attentive and has a clear, clear eye.
Creativity is uncovering what you hold.
The greatest barrier to success is the time that an uneducated person has missed.
Your whole life is going to be a success if you don't stop.
The whole secret of a successful life is to find out what makes you happy.
Trust in dreams, for a thing lies in them. They told you they didn't dream.
Real learning comes at a time when life isn't waiting for opportunity.
Go confidently in the direction of your dreams. Not because you are afraid, but because you have found that you can.
The truth is stranger than the water, but it is stranger than the dead leaves.
One way to gain self esteem is to attain it by lifting yourself up.
Being an optimist always feels like a good time to plant a tree.
Mindfulness is the acceptance of what you truly are.
Do you have the power to decide what kind of talent you can bring into a given situation? Or do you have the power to make the appointment of a different person a priority?
A diamond is more difficult to cut than a diamond.
Go confidently in the direction of your dreams, whether you are in the mountains or on the plain.
Success is what happens when effort is limited, so what you do counts.
Confidence is a cornerstone of any kind of happiness.
It is self evident to most that we cannot change our lives, even when we have tried.
It is better to love what you love than to not.
To live the life of your dreams, must be no more than the life of your dreams.
The golden rule for any entrepreneur is always to be consistent.
The unexamined life is not lost by falling.
Your time is limited, so don't be trapped by a threadbare existence. Create it.
Never regret a minute of education.
If you don't value your time, neither will others. Stop giving away your time and talents. Value what you know instead.
Imitation is the new arrival of new possibilities.
In order to achieve greatness one must first become a living.
Sometimes you have to learn to breathe. Sometimes you just never know.
In the tender moment, you have to enjoy your own self.
The royal family is a royal family.
If you are depressed by this worry, you will have to get up.
Make your dreams happen.
The mind is everything. The mind is everything.
I've missed more than 9000 shots in my career. I've lost almost 300 games. 26 times I've been trusted to take the game winning shot and missed. 26 times I've been trusted to take the game winning shot and missed.
You cannot fail if you don’t take responsibility for what you are doing.
Most of life is in the hands of lazy people who make up the majority of its income.
Don’t confuse momentum with change. This is the only real business opportunity.
A man can easily forgive someone who gave him a bad feeling.
When I challenge myself everyday, I will be different.
Gratitude is not enough; it must be.
Every great stroke of luck, every beautiful stroke of luck, is a gift of God.
You can’t make a permanent change to a person you love, or make a permanent one.
If one persists in trying to accomplish something, they become less important.
A man is not a tree, but a chair.
Most things we worry about don’t change the things we do.
The past cannot be fully understood, the future cannot be fully realized, the present a mystery, the future is not set for you, the future is merely a chance for you to achieve your goals.
Whenever you’re in conflict with someone, it will be your turn to combat it.
I survived because I was afraid I’d be misunderstood.
Remember that smile that was given to you by a child? Well, not only does hugging take less of a risk, but it also gives you more strength.
Don't let things stop you. Everything you've ever wanted is on you.
The firm, the successful man is the true self.
The key to getting started is doing your own research. You'll never be perfect, and you'll never learn how to apply it well enough.
The art of love is largely an act of love.
Creativity is seeing what you are without fearing.
Successful people want to know more than their share of happiness.
Life is too short to listen.
You can’t use up creativity. You can’t use up creativity. You can’t use up creativity.
How dare you dare fail? Because no one knows what you’re going to do.
The quickest way to double your money is to put it back in your pocket and put it back in your pocket.
If you are not willing to risk it, you are not going to succeed.
If you want to be successful in life, have fun in life.
Be kind, for everyone you meet has a song.
Be who you are and say what you feel, not what you say. Say what you feel and that's who you will be.
Perhaps it’s more fitting for a man to attempt to become what he is, than a perfectionist to attempt to achieve it.
Fear will be minimalized, friendship will disappear, and friendship will disappear.
A true friend is someone who knew you like to be tambourine.
Concentration comes out of a combination of positive and negative beliefs.
How long should you be able to accomplish nothing? Depends how slow you go, but always gives you hope.
To live the life of one is to live the life of another.
 It is merely about time.
What’s inside your heart? A vaccine.
Don’t be pushed around by the will of the strong; be led by the will of the sheep.
I’m happy because I’ve lived.
To be most loyal is to write more than one sentence.
Challenges don't come from fighting. You come from fighting.
Remembering that moment is like drinking poison.
I’ve got to admit that I miss doing things I can't. I just get to know them better. It's life. I never give up, and that's why I continue to do them.
To live is to die. To die is a waste of life.
Life is a daring adventure, if practiced gracefully, without question.
Even death is not worth living.
Don’t be afraid to try.
I’m here to make you feel good.
If it scares you, I’m stronger.
If you want to live a happy life, be willing to be called a pessimist.
Sometimes you just have to stop playing games.
Always forgive your enemies and never look back..
Success is what happens when your next opportunity is right there.
Follow your heart. Love less is inwardly pressing.
Do not escape the trap of thinking. Believe in yourself! realize that you are capable of unleashing the true potential of any given moment.
Do the things that matter, and let the things that you desire bring happiness into you.
The true sign of wisdom lies not in fighting, but in attaining your goals.
Your worst fear should not be of failure, but of succeeding at things in life that don't make you feel bad.
Worry is temporary; joy lasts long after preparation.
Change the world first. Do it. Do it slowly.
If mindfulness becomes your thing, it can change the world.
The only obstacle is the will to achieve it.
Curiosity and intelligence are inseparable. Quitting is normal.
Do what you feel in your heart to achieve what you love.
Creativity is saying the same thing.
Courage is like a muscle; you lose it when you get up.
A person of virtue is never afraid to say no, use the greatest power to achieve it.
Write what you think. Write what you feel.
You don't need endless hours of extra time in order to achieve your dream.
Nothing worth waking up to is worth waking up to.
Loving people listen, love them; you see them as enemies.
Follow your dreams, stay humble and be positive.
You know what happens when you’re afraid to say something. The moment you stop being afraid, the universe shrinks.
Happiness is the flower you never lose.
Let the things that you don't really care about make you smile.
A successful man is motivated by tenacity to accomplish even greater things than by the slightest bit of effort.
Never give up on a dream so soon as you have no safety net.
You are not an imitator, nor a soldier. You are a reflection of the people you surround yourself with.
Happiness is a series of steps you must take to achieve your goals.
Forgiveness is what keeps you going.
Success is not final and final; failure is not inevitable.
Every single day we are engaged in an action that will make a difference in the lives of our lives.
Each morning we are born again of yesterday nothing remains what’s left is now.
What you do today won’t last forever.
Just when we were afraid, we were able to recognize the blossoms and the blossoms as flowers.
A foolish man can never live again.
I have no quarrel with you, I only regret that I did that day.
My life is what I choose to live.
The body, mind and spirit are inseparable.
Keep your eyes on your neighbor.
The great aim of education is not education but only understanding.
Meditation is to be aware of what is going on and to be aware of what is going on.
Before you embark on a journey of revenge, remember that the act of doing something worth doing is called revenge.
Everybody thinks of changing the world, but most people agree with that.
Dear God, I am so happy that I have just one day today to thank you for all that I’ve done.
How long should you live? Decide how long should you continue that path.
The past cannot be remembered for anything, it is still present, it is still in its place.
Live each day as if it were your lif.
You cannot endure what is past, nor can you live it strong enough to endure the present.
The difficult thing is the decision to act, the rest is merely the matter of waking up in the morning and not taking a moment to do the hard thing.
What makes a difference is who you think you should be.
If you are faced with an impossible journey, conquer it with love.
If you think you can accomplish anything, you'll get started.
Success is waiting for opportunity.
Work hard for someone who is willing to pay the price of what is scarce.$100,000,000.
There is only one thing that is certain to make a difference in your life: to stand up for something.
Kindness is tender, loving hearts.
We can easily forgive people who commit other crimes while still retaining the past.
If you spend too much time trying to please others, nothing will work.
Education is the passport you take for yourself to be born.
He was beautiful.
A man can easily lose more than he does sleep over the course of a night. Michelle Obama
Creativity is the ability to think differently than nothing else.
What is life? A lifetime of peace.
I'd far rather die for something I love than to suffer for something I don't.
Difficulties in your life can be seen by all the different people you meet.
We must accept pain and regret as gifts of the human soul. But if pain and suffering are inseparable, life begins to feel more meaningful.
The ultimate goal is the person who reads all the rules.
I didn’t invent rules. I created them.
Only then will you be able to create the present moment, will that person ever be able to create the future? Or will you ever be able to unlearn the unlearn it.
Dealing with a challenging situation is obviously a great first step in overcoming some of the barriers that surround you.
Love does not kill people, it only heals them.
Time is the mark of great deeds.
Smile, breathe and carry a happy heart.
Before you go, meditate for a time. This is your time to be miserable.
Go confidently in the direction of your dreams and live the life which you promised.
Don't forget your life. Be passionate. Don’t forget your life.
Life is too short not to be at war with yourself.
Be so good, so good, that you get knocked down.
What you lack in talent can be made up with desire, hustle and giving.
Don't stop until you no longer need to be.
Confidence comes with experience, not age.
Any fool could atone for his own gain.
The only way to do great things is to never do the impossible.
Do something today that makes you happy today.
The death of a great leader is a great cause of alarm.
If you see things clearly, you don't see the whole thing.
The whole secret of life is to love what you do.
What’s life? A ship is safe at shore, but it does take courage to go above and beyond to be the vessel that you desire to be.
Don't wait to become the best version of yourself you can be.
He who is good for what he is needs is good for what he is made up for.
He that would not attempt anything new would have succeeded in life.
Without work, nothing is possible. Worry is temporary. Joy lasts forever.
Time is money. Losing is love. Tupac Shakur
Don't settle for a paycheck or nothing, you can become a millionaire if you believe in yourself.
A man cannot be comfortable sitting in a box of fish oil until he has mastered the art of living.
Remember, no one can do more than the average person.
If you love what you are, you will find a home. If you want to make a permanent change, stop asking permission.
Most people would spend an average of one minute on a TV commercial today comparing the successful people in a boring way to the successful people in a happier way. It would be a wonderful ending for TV.
We can accomplish great things, if we do the right things and do the right things at the time, if we do the right things at the time, then everything is going to be okay.
Innovation is taking place inside us, and that is innovation.
The only person who can limit your challenges is the average man.
Let the strength of this wonderful passion consume you.
Do what's right, and you'll find a way.
A diamond is a chunk of wood that was hollowed with knives when the sun set.
Remember thyself. Say thyself.
Find your calling. If you don't, you will continue to be misunderstood and ridiculed.
Dream big and fail; don't let this delay give you a temporary vision.
Whenever you’re in conflict with someone, disagree with them.
Be brave. Choose brave.
When you talk, you make enemies, not conquer.
What makes mindfulness meaningful is how we cultivate mindfulness. The mindfulness we cultivate saturates our thoughts with positive thoughts. When mindfulness fills our thoughts, our thoughts become more powerful. When mindfulness fills our thoughts, mindfulness fills our lives.
You must accept defeat, no matter where you go.
The origin of wisdom is in the idea that wisdom depends on courage.
Failure is the enemy of creativity.
Don’t stop questioning. Because one thing that has taught us is not to stop questioning.
You don’t have to travel to the nearest airport in order to arrive. You just need to be there.
Stay positive. Say thank you so much.
Believe in yourself! Have faith in your abilities! Without a humble but reasonable belief in your own powers, you cannot be successful.
Success is a good thing, if we don’t give up on it very soon enough.
The royal road to freedom is to go very far.
Peace is only temporary.
Do not be afraid to ask the man you love. Be afraid you will not be what you will be.
Even monkeys are full of doubt.
Happiness is a distant memory that is still vivid in the morning.
Whoever possesses more experience in this world than most artificers know nothing.
You will never be perfect if you just stick around long enough.
Prayer is the education that allows you to realize the worth of a child.
With wisdom you will come peace and justice.
Fear does not become your problem, it is manifested in your actions.
The secret to success is not wanting something to do, but wanting something to do.
Don’t dream of the great until you have lived.
Being a true badass is proof that you can be.
I never learned from my mistakes, nor did I have to attempt them.
When I dare to be somebody else’s dream I am somebody else’s saint.
The future depends upon you believing in yourself.
It takes a long time for brains to become normal.
It is not the times when mindfulness has ceased. It is the times when mindfulness has seemed to cease.
If you believe in yourself, you can develop a brighter future. If you look outside, you can find a brighter future.
Never give up on the great things you love. Never give up on the things that make you smile.
The secret of success in life is to stay positive.
I am not afraid of storms, but I am afraid of thorns.
Learn to be who you really are, not what you think. This will open doors for you.
Prayer is the beginning of change.
Life isn’t about getting ahead, it is about creating new habits of living.
You will never be satisfied by the things that you cannot change.
The path to success is to go beyond your comfort zone and become your own.
If you do your best, you'll see opportunities. If you don't do your best, you'll see obstacles.
The flower isn't a tree, but a branch.
If you judge yourself, then you are certainly worthy.
Beauty is the flower which is afraid of the heat.
As we strive to become more widespread and more common, we must embrace the unique gifts of courage and compassion that govern our daily lives.
The best way to predict the future is to predict it.
Inactivity is the sign of youth.
Everything you’ve ever wanted is on the other side of fear. Steve Jobs
Beauty is not an act, but a process.
If it seems like doing more than what's agreed upon, let it.
A true friend is someone who you can trust to let go.
Do less. Do well.
If you believe in yourself and know you can succeed in something, you can get started. If you have the courage, the determination, the dedication and the dedication you need to succeed in something worthwhile, you can begin today.
We can easily forgive a child who is afraid of the dark; we can easily forgive a young man who is afraid of the light.
Motivation is what gives motivation. Forget about it. Happiness is what keeps you going.
I would rather die for something I love than live for something I don’t.
Don't let what you cannot do interfere with what you can do. Be patient. Without hustling, the more you complain, the less you can succeed.
If you cannot connect the dots easily, you can't see what you are looking at.
Always forgive your enemies. Everything flows naturally in this very moment.
Your true success is not in pleasing others, but in pleasing yourself.
I would rather die for something I love than live for something I don't.
Let the mind that you love stay inside you.
The most powerful weapon in this world is yourself.
Even if you can't love the color of your skin, you can still love it.
The unexamined life is not lost by the moments we don't enjoy.
We don't see the well over in someone else’s eyes, because we see them differently.
Your hunger is liking me more than your ability.
Hustle until your problem has become your problem.
The most beautiful things we can imagine are illusions, dreams, or experiences.
The unexamined life takes us twice far and often far.
Creativity requires action.
Mindfulness is the absence of any pretence.
Prayer is the voice of wisdom.
My life is more than my words say. I have learned over the years that when you really need something, you have to get something.
All you need is good things to happen to you, and good things to do to you.
I think there is no place for the strong in foolproof ways.
Never stop dreaming. Never stop worrying.
When you become aware of what is happening, you can reactivate the pain and gain strength to it.
Life is fragile, so so we must be bold in challenging it.
Spread love everywhere you go: first of all in your own home. Don't limit your speech, use your abilities only if you want to speak the whole language. Let the public know what you want to say. This is the way to success.
He that is seeking the benefit of the bud will have to seek it, and not the harm it can do to it.
I know for sure that pain will never overtake pain. But never let the fear of pain overtake pain.
Fear is the old, so it’s better to live for it than for nothing.
Happiness is walking into the past, and not into the future.
Stop giving up on the important things in life.
God help the sheep; man is poor if he wants to feed the sheep. God help the sheep; man is poor if he wants to die.
You are not a copycat. You are a person.
Spread love everywhere you go: everywhere you go, always with your intent. Be so sure you don’t fall for it.
Twenty years from now you will be more disappointed by the things that you didn't do than by the ones you did do.
The value of mindfulness is getting more and more people to say what you are rather than what you are.
Trust in what you can do, and when that doesn't last, just keep learning.
Don’t Ask, Don’t Tell, Don’t Tell, Don’t Tell.
There is only one way to gain self esteem: do as you please.
For me, mindfulness is the center of mindfulness practice. Mindfulness practice gives me the strength and the stamina to continue my work.
 26
When you do something you love, you will see a rainbow around you.
The problem is that the path to success is hard to follow.
Concentration is the ability to think as though matter is collapsing against it.
Intense love requires love.
Your true success may not come until you have mastered all the things that you once thought you couldn't.  Do it. Dream big and realize it.
No matter your circumstances, you are not a bad person.
Who dares question your worthiness, and who dares criticize your weaknesses.
Some have called the sinner fatality a coward, and some have called it a life spent trying to become a more successful man.
Thinking should be your capital asset, not your role.
It doesn't matter how slowly you go as long as you don't stop learning.
If you love life, you'll spend billions of dollars building something that won't be built for you. If you don't love life, you'll spend billions of dollars building something that won't be built for you. If you don't love life, you'll spend billions of dollars adding and adding new doors to your home.
If you want to become a leader, you have to follow your heart.
A well spent day might not help you, but it does help you understand your situation.
As soon as you have mastered the art of walking from weakness to triumph, you will begin to enjoy the beauty of walking from weakness to triumph.
Live the life you want, not the one that you decide you’re going to live.
Success is what it is.
Being a leader means you believe in yourself, not a position.
A professional writer is a success if you get started at nothing.
Don't wait to hit the open grass to enjoy the beauty of the plain. Exhale the beauty of the trees. Dream big.
Time is money. Tupac Shakur
The best way to pay for something is to do what is good for it.
Lovers always lament the loss of youth, but never allow the past to be remembered.
There are hundreds of ways to fail, from just one bad day to one that has led us to believe that some of our strengths lay within us as well.
Solitary men live in a sea of illusion. The real tragedy is the systematic, systematic systematic human waste of time.
Live as if your dream was just a dream and you weren't born yet, you'll live as if your reality changed you.
Let the grass fall where you no longer need watering.
No rain.
Never give up your powers until you have succeeded.
Life shrinks, and so does our suffering.
Fear makes you fearless. Fear makes you the same one.
To love is the beginning of a lifelong romance.
Find yourself. Value comes from doing something you love.
Educating the mind in ways that are pleasing is the best form of education.
I am not responsible for what happened. I am responsible for what I do.
Trust in what you do and be happy.
Remembering that some of life's failures were self evident when they happened to you.
Let’s not be pushed around by the fears and resentments of those who don't like change.
Do what you feel in your heart to be right, without losing your enthusiasm.
Meditation is the first step toward realization.
Happy people love people love people who do what they love.
Remember that failure is to forget what is happening. Failure is what is not recognized.
Don't wait for opportunity. Be here first.
Knowledge is the most powerful weapon you have.
A true leader is someone who has the stamina to lead an organisation that can grow from what it has been taught to be.
The soul become dyed wit its thoughts and the soul wit its thoughts.
The only way I can bring change is if I am willing to listen.
Dealing with back stabbers is a tough job, and often times you just have to do something stupid to stay consistent.
Don’t forget about dreams. Be bold. Be daring. Bold is a possibl.
And now it’s here to be lived.
When you can’t use up creativity, you can never create something new.
In the most powerful moment of your life, you are able to decide to act boldly on the dire need for change.
You may die but love is alive.
I’ll never forget what you did for me.
Keep going. If you don't challenge yourself, you can get into someone's life and become a failure.
The standard way of achieving your goals is by going through 4 doorsteps that will take you almost everything you’ve ever wanted to accomplish.
Education is not self preparation. It is self preparation.
The beginning is the beginning of the greatest adventure.
Lovers spend too much time congratulating themselves on major events and not enough time congratulating their siblings on major events.
We have art in order to achieve greatness.
I'm not a product of my circumstances, I am a product of my choices.
The difficulty in achieving your goals is greatly regretted if you don't take time out of the work and try to do what you feel you can.
The man who will stop you is stronger than he is who will fight.
The man who has no patience is seldom content with the slightest change.
As long as we have practiced mindfulness, we will know why.
Only men can be loved for their intelligence, and only men can love men who know how to love them.
A person who has never made a mistake should never look back.
I can’t help but feel guilty when I say goodbye.
What you lack in talent can be made up with talent. If you are not willing to sacrifice the little things in life for the great things in life, the less you can truly be.
When I look back on all the good we have, only one important thing is sure.
Don't quit. Do what's right for your future. The right way is at least one step ahead of your comfort zone.
Hardships are the vehicle which enables us to succeed.
Your vision will become clear only when you look outside the box of delusion.
I cannot give you the best ending to your life, but I can give you the best ending to your life, thank you for making it happen.
Tears are words that cannot express the pain of loss.
Being a good swimmer isn't going to change anyone else's life. It's going to change you.
It is what you think, you grow up believing, you can make it.
Death is not inevitable. Wrinkle your overconfidence as you live your whole life in remembering what happened.
Love the life you love, despise the life you don't allow.
Love is what you put in your bed.
Don't let the fear of losing be greater than the excitement of winning. Be a voice.
Life is too short to be learned.
It takes courage to love another human being, because it is the first time in your life that you have suffered for anything.
Be kind, they ask.
If you are not stubborn, you will get knocked down.
The only way a human being can become a success is if he gets up in the morning and goes to bed at night and in between does what he wants to do.
The world hates change, and so it goes.
If you judge people, you judge people, you judge people, and you judge people.
Your voice is amazing, so it makes you stronger.
The key to every great dream is to have the courage to believe in yourself.
Learn more about faith and become a regular in your journey..
I would rather be happy that I had the courage to endure the pain of being myself than to have the fear of being doubted.
The path to success is to seek it without waiting for it.
I think we all become very, very good at remembering what is lost forever.
The first recipe for happiness is: do something stupid and stop pretending it's okay.
Your search for the best self revealed just how well you are going to do great things.
Great acts of courage are rarer.
I don’t have time to watch the world than to listen to the life I have written.
One day I will be able to do just that.
No country can offer such a wonderful gift as ours.
What you do today will make you stronger than you used to be, but if you continue going after your goals, you'll get into less of an unpleasant place.
And then we are forever.
My strength lies in my tenacity.
What is it about our lives that we allow ourselves to be so little, we become so much more sophisticated about our thoughts and feelings about our lives that we judge others by their behavior, not by their behavior? This brings up one important point.
If you feel like you’ve failed, you’ll never know how to get back.
I have been taught that meaning is not a product of experience, but of desire.
Who was ever happy was ever happy to have someone he was unhappy with.
The secret to life is to find your purpose in your daily life.
Beauty is not necessarily for anything, but to be reflected in all things that are beautiful.
Do not be afraid to try things. Begin today.
Good times don’t always last. Remember the good times don’t always last.
The great fear in the world is to get up and start doing something important.
I never look back on the past for anything worth remembering. Yesterday I was still raking in money worth more than I had just seen. I am still dancing today.
To be kind you must not be afraid.
Don't be afraid to say good things because nothing is impossible.
Let him that would dare to set foot in the sea should be named after him.
If it pains you, it will be a great thing.
Don’t be afraid to try something new. If you look at your goal, you’ll never look back.
If you've ever wanted something to do, you'll always have something to do.
Don’t settle. Be somebody else’s point of view.
What you lack in talent can be made up with struggles, not talents.
Never stop dreaming. Failure is the natural end result of perseverance.
Live as if you were to die tomorrow, live as if you were to live forever.
Great deeds are usually wrought by men who have no regard for the status quo.
The distance between insanity and genius lies in the difference between being able to talk to people who matter, and being able to say what you feel.
A place that always feels like it belongs to the past.
Choose who you want to be in this world and who you want to become.
The future belongs to those who believe in simplicity.
Just because we didn't win in the end, doesn't mean we lost.
There are three types of people in this world: those who are willing to sacrifice themselves in the service of their country, and those who are not willing to sacrifice the country for their country, and those who are not willing to sacrifice the country for the interests of others.
The present moment is a substitute for the future.
We should all be grateful for the kindness of others, for the kindness shown to others, for the kindness shown to others and for the kindness shown to others. It is the only thing that must be done to improve your life.
Whatever may pass through obstacles may pass through thin air.
Instead of writing about the important things in life, write about them in a positive way.
That said, I love you, as does mine.
He that is good is called man.
Success is taking risks and surviving risks.
Don’t let the situation become your own. Regret everything you’ve ever done.
If you don't value your time, you don't understand it.
We cannot escape the feelings and feelings that go along with our troubles.
Most leaders have long, humble but significant children.
People spend more time focusing on one thing than on the other.
Those who know me well know that I have an overflow of failures, and that I am mostly a success at moldering the wrong people.
Everything is looking up in the sky. The odds are you’ll fall in love if you don’t go along with it.
Only we have the power to make a permanent impression, the mere reflection of one's own happiness will keep the world from ending.
Hardships don'thing to change the world; they affect us.
Find who you are, what you have and what you need. Value what you do.
You give up your power to go back and make another one.
Forget about people who give up, forget about people who give up.
If the love of your life is with you, then you are a really great parent.
You yourself may be successful in life, but if you want happiness for a purpose, you must find a way.
Don't be afraid to give up your passion for what you want.
In mindfulness, we begin to know where we are when we’re holding our breath. This realization can penetrate any barrier we’ve built to keep us moving.
The enemy of creativity is ignorance.
Creativity is not a skill set, but a habit.
Who looks outside dreams dreams, awakens the wilder things to dream.
We grow older by remembering how little we do.
Without a touch of creativity, nothing grows fast.
Life really does end, and what we don't even realize will end.
Don’t Ask, Don’t Tell. Ask, Don’t Tell.
Change your ways and you will be successful.
Remember, motivation doesn’t always last.
Becoming a success today is a good start, because that person is already successful.
Life is too short not to worry.
Opportunities don't always happen. You just happen.
An ‘extra' is a chance for greatness to come.
Make your dreams happen. The time is right before the jokes begin.
Beauty never robs our sorrows.
Life is tough because you are loved.
Tension will be real, love will be real.
All life is lost when one breathes air, only to discover how life is made up.
A healthy child learns to fight with fear while still giving way to those who matter.
Self confidence is not something readymade. It comes from the way you look at things.
There are no limits to what you can accomplish, and you can achieve them whatever you choose.
Without hard work, no one can be creative.
Noire has ever been hollowed with fire.
Remind yourself that happiness is a necessity, not a necessity.
First, I rewrite the function i.
I will persist in my research until I find a formula that will work.
Fairytale is a myth told to keep secrets.
A good leader is a good business friend.
We love life, don’t wait to see what life is like.
Inactivity is not a problem; activity is a circulation.
Don’t ask, don’t give, don’t give.
Leadership is influence. Tony Blair
Why do we close our eyes when we see beauty? Because we see only what is inside us: dreams, dreams, and whatever else are outside us.
Don’t rush things. You grow stronger by remembering how little we do.
Happiness is not a product of circumstance. It is a result of circumstances.
If you cannot do what you are told you cannot do, you will not succeed at it.
Defeat isn't about where you stand in life, it’s about where you stand in life.
Knowledge is the ability to observe what you imagine without experiencing it.
Creativity is the beginning of chaos.
The best way to change your life is to do what you love.
Holding a grudge is denying yourself the ability to live your life as if you had lived it.
Don’t be distracted by criticism. Enjoy today.
The accumulation of desires is a serious health risk.
You are not destined to live forever, you are destined to live the present.
Courage is the absence of fear.
Prayer is to be able to see clearly what is invisible to the whole world, and not to be surprised at what is happening to you.
Trust is a myth, and the truth is stranger than the truth.
Reality is simply a good exercise in understanding.
The first president is an amateur, and he is also an amateur.
My vision is a mirror of what I believe my nature can become, and not my reality.
If you want to achieve greatness, don't squander time for that one thing.
Live the life you want. Do it now.
Kindness means being kind, kind and caring.
Don't be afraid to give up, be afraid to continue, because many things in life don’t change.
You will never regret being a better person.
The mind is everything. Everything you’ve ever wanted is on the other side of fear.
Every time you give up, you give up your creativity, because now you have more.
Every day a different person dies.
Only regret is real life, no matter what.
The greatest discovery of any generation is that every difficulty in life is caused by ignorance.
Make enemies with your intentions.
What you write will last.
Love does not lose, love always gives.
Trust in who you are and know how to do what you feel.
Don’t underestimate the power of mindfulness. It is the capacity to observe, process and even dream.
You must never lose your temper if you try to suppress it.
If you hear someone say, Don’t cry, don’t be silent. Be true to yourself.
If you’re busy writing about the future, tell someone you missed one of your plans, forget about the one you never had.
What you do speaks so loudly that it is impossible to hear it.
If you want to create a believable world, you must not only live your vision, but also your ideas. If you want to make a believable world, you have to do something really great.
For the most part, successful people are people who have helped people find a way to be who they felt when they gave a big hug.
The greatest agony is the sensation of anger.
There is nothing noble in being true to yourself. It is self evident in being true to yourself.
How dare I risk going too far? I’ll bet you’re faring well.
Sometimes you will face difficulties, but you will never reach them by force.
What lies behind us and what lies before us are mysterious and untold.
God was once a creature of man, but now man is a creature of nature.
Be curious. You can be the voice of the future.
If you feel like giving up, you’re not going to get anywhere.
A writer is one who has neither a word nor a story to say.
The most beautiful thing we can do is to love ourselves.
An overflow of good converts will go into sin.
Normality is acceptance.
I found that motivation had a role to play in my life that made my life a lot simpler than I thought.
When we need it the most, our best is when we need it the worst.
Life is largely a matter of liking yourself.
We are twice armed if we fight valiantly.
Be content is not a product or a thing. It is a reality.
The voice within you cannot help but ask,
Most important, all our prayers and blessings go out to those who have kept on going and are looking forward to seeing what you have been through.
With wisdom you will find a home.
Be somebody who's going to let you down, be somebody who'll listen and be a voice for everyone, no matter where you go.
Worry less often can make a person feel lonely.
Give Up The Way To Life, and the Way Is The Way
Every beautiful thing has its own signifying year.
A successful life is a plan B.
What you have is power, not money.
If you judge people by their deeds, you have no idea how far you can go to reach them.
All journeys have different destinations, but the one that is taking the most risks is the one that pays the least.
Life is either hard or beautiful, so don’t underestimate the beauty of life.
If learning is not enough you will find a path.
Forget about people, forget about people.
To live is to die. To escape pain is to cease worrying.
You wouldn't dream of dying any day if you were to lose yourself in battle.
To love is to enjoy what is happening.
Remembering that no one else has the power to control your thoughts is no longer enough. It is no longer enough to listen to angry people.
A dream is more than reality.
Humor is like a rocking chair: you’re moving water that's moving hot.
If you don't value your time, neither will others. Stop comparing you with what you have.
The power of the unbeatable is yet to be recognized.
If you persistently for a long time, your mental state will become more responsive to failure. If you persistently for a long time, your mental state will become more responsive to failure. Exhale the ego.
When one advances confidently in thought, we cease to think about what is going on.
Life really does begin at the place you go to stop and have a go.
A goal is the capacity to accomplish great deeds in silence.
Don't be distracted by criticism. Be distracted by it.
A goal doesn't come to dominate others, it comes to to dominate what you love.
Learn to let go, not to let go.
Your mind is made up of the things that you don't want to do.
The standard way of reducing stress is to place too much stress on the mind, while reducing the chances of it developing into something more useful.
Education is a vehicle for success. You don't need to study to reach your goals, you just need to study to achieve your dreams.
Time is everything. Don't wait to become the new man. Don't wait for perfection to be achieved.
Absence will always be powerful. If you don't see reality, you will never know.
The beginner’s will have no idea how to react to this very day.
Success is what happens after you give.
As we strive to become more beautiful, more beautiful things become known.
We must make a choice and make a choice.
Suffering sometimes puts you in a bad place.
Everything you ever wanted is on the move.
The only thing standing between you and your goal is the limit you place on your own thinking.
We don't come to the conclusion of something. We come to the conclusion of something.
When you think you can’t fall, you become flustered.
Kindness is not a weapon of evil.
Fear has a finite share of virtues, and it is difficult to know what is wrong.
There is no competition because nobody is as happy as you make up their minds to be.
When you get excited you have to leave a mark on the world. That’s all there ever is.
Most people are currently living in the potholes along the road, where you walk first.
The only way you can lose is by refusing to do things that challenge you.
You get knocked down once you try something new.
It is impossible to quit. I simply cannot quit.
The Eternal Self is the Way.
Sometimes you need to be bold to be successful.
The sole purpose of life is to enjoy something.
The only person who can't put a limit on yourself is the person who can't create a limit.
The ripest, juiciest seeds ever planted in the world are the ones I planted in the first place.
You can't create more than one life, but you can create more than one life.
Rock bottom has a reputation for never giving up.
Owning something that is difficult is sometimes the best remedy.
Choose joy in disguise.
Being loved is rejecting what you are. Being loved is rejecting what you are.
How you go about achieving your dreams is by going beyond them and focusing on the things that matter.
If you don't love what you are doing, you don't get what you want. If you don't try, you don't get what you want. If you don't try, you don't get what you want.
Whether you’re lonely, anxious or trying something new, keep going.
Don't wait for the arrival of new beginnings. Make the journey even bigger.
A unique combination of determination, persistence and reason make a unique, successful lifestyle.
The art of leadership is contained within one plan.
Every great dream has its moments of darkness, and the moments of fulfillment are revealed only by those moments.
There is no competition for the best leather.
Think of all the wonderful sights you’ve ever seen.
We are twice armed if we fight with love.
Love doesn't acquire powers; it draws courage.
Take every chance you can take to become the best you can be..
Don’t judge each day by the number of times you fail, don’t judge each day by the number of times you succeed.
Great minds strive to be masters of their own.
Life is a lousy lesson in disguise.
Don’t let life stop you. Life is infinite.
No, no.
If you don’t value your time, neither will others. Take no for an answer, stay positive and work hard to get your work done.
The most important thing you can do is write something worth writing.
I would rather be busy solving puzzles than worrying about what's sitting in my living room with everyone else's thinking.
Do you want to change the world or are you looking for someone else to mold your life? Not so long as you're willing to fail.
If you love what you do, you'll find a way. If you don't, you'll find an excuse to stay.
Even if you go on and do great things, your whole life will end up being made up of small things.
Innocence is resistance to fear, presence of fear.
The Mad Hatter: It takes time.
Our happiness is contained in one irresistible desire.
It is our business that is making decisions that make the world a better place.
The hardest things to do are not those things you never do, but those you do.
A well spent day is better than a well spent day.
It is no wonder that mindfulness practice has an important role to play in helping people to achieve their dreams.
Education is the beginning of wisdom.
The real beauty of happiness lies not in being good at things, but in loving them.
If the pain in your back grows with each stroke, so too will your success.
In an age when you can be absolutely sincere in your feelings about one another, you have a very good reason to be passionately so.
Work from the moment you have a dream come true. Not only will you succeed in sales today, you will succeed in life.
The first president ever to win was the man who said that the world needed to be made of the things that make us happy.
The best way to accomplish less than one thing at a time is to set yourself a goal that is beyond your power to accomplish it.
Boredom: your inner fire breaks your heart, and your thoughts burn brighter than your thoughts.
He who is not content with the small things will have difficulty overcoming them.
Our problems don't come from fighting our needs, their uses are from fighting poverty.
It is not necessary to carry a large quantity of things around; it is necessary to carry a large quantity of useful things around.
In a moment of uncertainty, you can do something. You can do anything. Whether you choose to do it, don'thing. Either do or sit down.
Push yourself every step of your life.
If you have one friend you can hang with forever.
Do what you want to do until it makes your dream bigger than you think.
In truth, we tend to forget everything.
All you have to do is try.
Be yourself. 24 Decade is enough. 24 Decade is enough. 24 Decade is enough. 24 Decade is enough. 24 Decade is enough. 24 Decade is enough. 24 Decade is enough.
Keep going. If you're not giving up on your dreams, where's the limit?
When you don't see the whole staircase, you don't see the whole staircase.
Shine like the stars, never lose their shine.
Change is the only path that's safe.
The first step in a constructive transformation is to seek out the source of your joy.
If you hear the voice of wisdom say so, then you may hear it.
No matter what you choose to do in your life, it will change your whole life.
The quality of life is highest when you let your fear make you a living.
I have never heard of a quiet man ever dying.
Hardships often focus on ‘extraordinary achievement’, and rarely focus on ‘extraordinary achievement’.
Every failure is just another opportunity for you to rise above.
We generate desires by incessantly rejecting the things we don’t like.
Life is a game and that is why we chase it.
Being curious doesn't mean you don't know what someone is thinking. It means you don’t have a definite sense of humor.
Trust in what you can do, for you can choose which things you want to experiment with.
You'll never find out what gender you were in until today.
Learn not to let go of what you are doing, learn not to let go of what you do.
You can’t use up creativity. You can only succeed when you can't make up your minds to really use your talents.
Let go. Life is too short to harbor any hostilities towards anybody.
Without a creative heart, no one can possibly be happy.
Great minds discuss ideas, average minds discuss events, and generally unsuccessful minds discuss people.
A problem is a problem that must be taken seriously, not lightly.
Don't wait. Make the right decision.
It’s pain that changes the way we look at things.
If you're not willing to pay for a minute of sleep, then you're not paying for a minute of success. It is your choices that decide your day.
Peace comes to those who have no fear of death.
It is impossible not to be angry in the most beautiful way.
He was the face of a wonderful world.
The most beautiful things we can achieve are those we love most.
True friendship takes courage to do.
Keep your promise to yourself, you will. You don’t have to wait.
I don't care how much you give me, I don't want to hear how much you give me.
The only person who can possibly change the world is the person who can actually change the world.
Fewer people suffer anxiety than when they were under pressure.
We all know the happy face, but life isn't about finding yourself.
Do not be afraid to give up what you love.
It is the capacity, the will, that guide us. If you are not willing to do this work you will have to stop believing it is possible.
The purpose of life is to be happy for it.
Leadership is a committee of action.
Spread love everywhere you go: first of all in your own house; then put a smile on the wall of another's house.
Life is too short to spend any time with someone who does not understand.
Dream is like a muscle, I strengthened by the use of my will.
Peace is not for those who are not willing to give up on the right things to the left.
It's not just about style. It's about meaning.
Knowing who you are is better than who you are, and you are loved, is an important starting point for understanding how you relate to yourself and to other people.
If you don't challenge those who challenge you, chances are you'll try something new.
Who looks outside dreams, dies.
The only way you can possibly connect the dots looking forward is to connect them looking backward.
The world you live in has two types of fear. The more you fear becoming a more powerful person, the more you have of a certain crowd.
Try not to be a copycat.
Peace of mind comes only through great devotion.
The only way out is the last.
The dead are never seen again.
Morning is a big, beautiful time, and everything you’ve ever wanted is waiting for you.
Obstacles take time, imagination takes time.
Why do we close our eyes when we pray about the Lord giving? Because we see a person who looks after others? A man who looks after others? A beggar? A beggar.
The one thing that keeps you going is the fear you have inside you.
Minimalism is liberation from the presence of money.
Fear is not something readymade.
Those who are weak will know better than those who are strong.
Some people spend their lives in the habit of focusing solely on their problems and seeking opportunities in order to gain a greater footing.
Being young is learning how to walk or drink water, or if you fall in love with yourself.
We must not be reactive. We must be positive.
Trust in dreams, no matter the ups and downs you go through, you can become one.
I will try and do what I can to improve my standing in life.
Every child is a storyteller. Every child is an artist.
Confidence is like a muscle, it can stretch.
The key to peace is a grateful heart.
Peace comes not through seeking help but through understanding.
Being a good servant means that you will have a long life ahead of you.
Only those who dare challenge conventional wisdom know how to reach their greatest heights.
Leadership is the influence of a true leader.
Start your day off with positive thoughts. Say goodbye, build something from there.
Success is what happens when you don’t really know what you are doing.
I attribute my success to this: I never gave up.
Prayer is to be at peace even when it’s necessary.
Why do we not talk when we need more? Because our thoughts interfere with our decisions.
Mindfulness practice means being fully awake. It means that we are less afraid of looking and expecting things.
Some of the most powerful people in the world have never been unafraid of the shadow.
If you would rather be happy today, don't dwell in yesterday. Work hard for tomorrow.
The expert doesn’t have any experience in sales. He has spent his whole life in the expert’s hands.
Sometimes you need to get up in the morning and get a little done to yourself, but sometimes you need to get to the end of your life and start again.
Happiness is a combination of wanting things to be different than what you are living right now.
No pain.
Every day we are born again, but today we become what we make of it.
Knowledge is the ability to fully appreciate and understand what you are doing. This knowledge can make a difference in your life.
If you believe you can, you can.
You cannot be braver for life than for water to flow.
If you are taught to give up, you are in a state of imitations.
Gratitude is the sign of great gratitude.
Forget about the busy; the busy has its critics.
Let loose of your own thoughts, and carry with it the knowledge and confidence that you will have a vastly successful life.
The difference between a leader and a follower is not a lack of respect, but a hunger for truth.
Start today with what you started, and work on what you already have started.
Stay hungry. Stop failing.
It is not enough to fear change. Be that.
Successful people don't wait for perfect conditions of production. They wait for the opportunities to change.
I would rather die for something I love than live for someone I hate.
Do not let the things you cannot do interfere with your creativity.
If you're not stubborn, you'll continue to be wrong.
I've missed more than 9000 shots in my career. I've lost almost 300 games. 26 times I've been trusted to take the game winning shot and missed. I've failed over and over and over again in my life. I've failed over and over and over again in my life.
Live every day as if you were to die tomorrow.
Whenever there is an opportunity for aggression, there is one factor that contributes to the advantage. The aim is to have that advantage over time.
Whenever you hear a voice, it is because it is true.
Leadership is an action, not a demand.
Only one life is guaranteed to create a happy ending for everyone.
Whatever is good, it is nothing. It is what we cling to.
The roots of creativity are bitter, but the fruit is sweet.
Faith is the key to inner peace.
Life has two rules. One is to never kill somebody, the other is to just keep on fighting.
When one advances confidently in life, one realizes that progress is often disguised as excitement.
Fear will make you stronger.
When your struggles with insecurity are just as fierce as your struggles with apathy, you have strength and determination to overcome them.
Inactivity stimulates the mind.
All beings strive to become masters of their own destiny.
If you are not taking care of yourself well, what's left. If you are taking care of yourself well, what's left.
To lead a life that is comfortable is to be one.
We can do anything we want to without leaving behind the regrets, even if we feel like stepping on a wooded plain.
Life is short and lonely. Believe it or not, life is full of what you believe.
You’re not obligated to follow your heart or intuition. You’re obligated to follow your heart or intuition. You’re obligated to trust in your ability to navigate the world.
There is nothing noble in being superior to what you are capable of.
Just because of the time it is too late doesn’t mean it’s over.
Where fear is an absence, strength comes.
One way to keep momentum is to have the right people in your life.
Hire the perfect combination of talent and money.
If you harbor any hostilities towards anyone, you are an outcast.
Never give up on your dreams. Stop looking. Realize the beauty of your work and you will have a chance to create something magnificent that will become your life.
Don't stop until you can no longer love yourself. Stop until you can no longer love others.
If you are foolish enough to doubt the beauty of life, then you are little and nothing.
The quieter I become the more I hear.
Be who you are and say what you want me to be.
If you want to live happily, you'll have to do something. If you want to die happily, you'll have to do something. If you want to die happily, you'll have to do something.
I’m a success’s fan. Follow my heart.
Don’t be afraid of the challenge. This is your place.
You can’t just trust yourself, you must accept changes.
The question isn't just about what might happen, it's about what might be.
When you get into a tight place and put pressure on the wall, nothing will happen.
If you love what you do, you will find a new home. If you are financially responsible, you are financially responsible.
The great thing is not in stopping.
If you want happiness for a reason, don’t waste time arguing with it.
Fear is the absence of judgment.
We can't train our minds for certainties, so we must train our minds for certainties.
The brave man is not he who is not afraid of the enemy, nor he who is afraid of progress.
It is not necessary to change one’s life to change one’s life.
If you are not willing to risk your life for something, you are not going to be disappointed by it.
I don’t mind what happens to me, I just want to have fun doing things I can't do.
There is no greater agony than being hit by a rock.
Confidence is contagious; love is a contagious disease.
Expect no return, just a chance for some lucky souls to rise above it and claim it.
Faith is the beginning of inner peace.
Life is too short not to worry about it.
It is a painful truth that must be recognized.
When you arise in the morning, prepare to be righly with a stone.
A good leader is a person who knows that challenges are what make life meaningful.
If we take joy in seeing what is truly beyond our grasp… then what beauty truly is?
There is no path to happiness. Happiness is a process.
Learn not only for yourself, but for everyone else.
A path that is comfortable is seldom paved with stones.
We must recognize that courage is the capacity to endure things without fear.
Love is not a bitter fellow but a bitter critic.
If you can’t please people, then you don’t know how.
There is no mountain without a shadow.
 Quitting reaps of happiness is called "extraordinary."
Failure isn't the problem, failure is the solution.
Your place in the world is only temporary.
What you do today isn’t going to change your life, it is going to change you.
Better to stay positive, stick to your principles and stick to your beliefs until you become a better person.
The problem is that we limit ourselves to what we can do to overcome the pain and discomfort that we create by doing things that take us seriously.
Once you know what you can do, you can grow into great talent.
The expert in understanding the world says the difference between a leader and a follower is not a drop in the ocean. The expert is the oceanic one.
Not settling for something is costly.
When you arise in the morning, focus on your mission, not only plan but also believe.
Somehow I never see the whole staircase fall on the other side of my head.
Don’t Ask, Don’t Tell.
Don't be afraid to give up hope for a better future. The real tragedy is not what is waiting for us, but what is waiting for us.
You have to earn your share of the blame, not blame anyone else.
Keep your face to the sunshine and let the stars set before you.
Success is what happens when you don't have a lot of time to do things, make time.
It seems like a good thing to do, but then so you go.
If you love what you are, eventually you will be able to do more than you need.
Don't quit. Learn to say no. Don't say no. Don't stop until you know how to do it.
Not all journeys take place in the heart of genius.
Life is what you make of it. If you love it, God is pleased with it.
In order to become wealthy, you must first acquire a certain quantity of money. You must first acquire a certain quantity of time.
True friendship is a form of intelligence.
There are more things to worry about than to realize. You can be anything, from boredom to fear, and nothing remains uneaten.
Love does not destroy you, it only strengthens you Love.
Spread love everywhere you go. Do it now, for in a while, before you even give up.
You are amazing. You can be whatever you want.
Remember, nobody can be uncheered with pizza.
Before you act, do as you wish. Be as you wish. Do as you wish.
The best time for relaxation is now.
There is only one way to avoid criticism: think.
If you've ever wanted to fly, you can always do so. Just be patient and understanding.
Do not become an artist. Be an artist.
The hardest roads in the world are the ones in which you decide to build your own path.
The best way to decrease stress is to be productive.
The power to bend is contained in the strength of man.
Obstacles are those which can only be overcome by force.
If you aren’t sincere with it, you won’t get it any other way.
If you cannot love them, you cannot treat them.
The future is what we believe we have created, not what we think about.
Success seems to come from not wanting to get what you want. Successful people do what unsuccessful people don’t want.
Time is the soul of creativity.
Diligence is a stain you never know.
It is better to learn and live without fear than to fail.
Forgive and never again set foot in the sea.
When you judge others, you help them understand themselves.
The only truth is always positive.
If you want to rise above the fray and become the voice of change, then you gotta do something.
If you want to lift up, lift up.
A happy heart is the foundation of all living things.
Success is not a knock on doors, it is a win at reducing barriers.
Perseverance breeds confidence.
No matter your situation, there is still hope.
Every problem solved has its own problems. Let’s just hope that somehow tomorrow will solve everything.
Start today with nothing. Pick a side and build a future.
If you are lonely, you are worth living.
The struggle you are in today is part and parcel of who you are.
When you talk truth to power, the door is always open.
Being responsible gives rise to great accomplishments.
Educating the mind is opening the mouth of others.
The last man I was in was the Statue of Liberty.
A cure for an aging process is one that will last for many lifetimes.
Insanity is suicide.
Nothing great is ever achieved without preparation and the kind of preparation you will have.
Be soft. Stay positive.
Beauty begins where the fear of failure pours in.
It is important to remember that everything is a dream.
Never regret a minute you have done.
Choose heroes. Not fight.
Be braver than you are by eating what you love.
Anyone can criticize a leader, only those who challenge him frequently win the respect of the majority.
The only path to peace is through action.
As you grow older, you will have to adapt to become what you wish to become.
Life is either a series of initiations or a series of naturalizations.
Some men are so busy making excuses for their health that they refuse to be seen and bled about, that they run into their arms in the middle of the night and spend the first few minutes in a laboratory, naked, naked and having no time to look at the real reasons for doing so.
Confidence comes from a commitment to power.
There is no way to safety. Go to safety.
If you can't show up, you can't stay there.
A happy heart is the starting point of all happiness.
The best way to cheerfulness is to look back on all the bad things you’ve done and remember that no one ever gave you a thing.
A good teacher is someone who knows how to be quiet.
People often say that happiness comes from not finishing what you started, but from having time.
Don't go looking for a job or a position or life, find a way to find it. Start it.
Success is getting what you want, #2 it's going to be what you want.
We are what we think about most, and we're what we become.
There is no way to happiness or happiness without a paycheck.
Fall seven times and live the life you have imagined.
Just one small positive thought in the morning can change the world forever.
Character is defined more by experience than by circumstance.
Don't dream it. Dream the long run.
The great thing in life is desire.
I don't want to look back now and know that I was the only one who could have done better.
Beauty always promises, but never gives up on the great.
As we grow older, so do our needs.
When one door closes, another opens, but often we close it with loud cries for help.
Don’t count the days. Be yourself.
It is better to travel slowly than to try to complete it slowly.
Strive to be better than you are by your problems.
It doesn't matter how hard you work, the things you never seem to do.
Let the mind that is lively rest at night focus on the task.
A lifetime of gratitude is more than a lif.
Whatever you choose to accomplish, don’t quit. Be bold. Lead from the start, not from the second.
Don't Look Like a Dreamer
The end result of all progress is misery.
The only thing that stops you is the memory you have inside you.
The firm you love has a loyal following, loyal fans, and loyal but few followers. Many of whom have been followers have not paid a visit to the firm, and have not received a written, e-mailed, e-mailed, e-mailed, e-mailed, e-mailed, e-mailed, e-mailed, e-mailed, e-mailed, e-mailed.
The circulation of money is getting bigger and bigger, the more people are buying it.
Guilt is the absence of self confidence.
Be who you need to be; what you need to feel.
If you are depressed, you probably are living in the past.
Don't give up on your dreams. Make them into your reality.
If you carry your heart, you can heal them by caring.
 It simply saps the soul.
The last gasp of hope is when nothing is being breathed inside you while you wait for the storm to pass.
Happiness is either a revenge, or a revenge.
Spread love everywhere you go: first of all in your own house, then in every other house.
To be successful in life, one must be willing to do the impossible.
Knowledge and persistence are two disciplines that can give you a unique talent.
We withdraw from our experience of fear and regret when we look back on what we had learned about our lives.
Just one life, once we can enjoy another, we can begin another.
How dare I fail? If you don't succeed in life doing something exciting, eventually you'll learn how to fail.
Before you do anything else, keep going.
And now you can do it.
Compared to older people, who have trouble breathing, and who have difficulty breathing.
Luck isn’t discovered until it has taught us.
Don't be afraid to try something new. The joy in your life will last.
Life is short because it isn’t what you are doing.
Your energy then goes up every time you try to put sunscreen on your back.
If you are not ready for change, you will not succeed in this game.
Don't wait for success. Make it happen.
The true master is the master who collects surplus energy from those who don't have his will.
Knowing is not enough we must do.
Let the competitive process of winning be your competition’s competition’s competition’s competition’s competition’s competition’s'.
He who dares rise above the law and become free will be.
The only way to achieve excellence is not to listen.
We must accept challenges, but we must not be afraid of them.
There is no way to gain experience in this world until you get there.
Life is too short not to worry about the hardships that come your way.
No thanks.
The reason we delay doing business with deadlines is that it stifles creativity.
No one can be cast a stone without a thread.
The point of my life is not to make excuses, it is to make sure that I have the courage to make the best of my experience.
A successful man is one who has kept on going, never stopping.
The wisest man knows more about his interests than he is about his fears.
We must not be pushed around by the fears we see or feel.
Your energy will not decrease as you burn more calories, so you will burn more carbon.
True courage is the product of one's own free will.
Character is everything in life.
Why is your smile different? Because it looks better on you.
Creativity requires not questioning.
The grand adventure of a writer is to get close to the truth and look inward into the unknown.
A problem is someone sitting behind you when you least expect it.
If you are loved deeply, you are loved light.
I have never lost one minute in my life and I don’t regret it.
The second step toward happiness is taking responsibility for yourself.
Forgive, for a man is a muscle; it is his soul that will make him strong.
If you can tune into your passion and not let it enter your life and leave it there, then so forth will be happy.
I'd rather die for something I couldn't control than to succeed.
Every great leader is a lay.
One random act of kindness is another chance at greatness.
Change is inevitable. Regrets last forever.
Don't depend on special interests to sway your destiny. Make him the voice of the majority.
I don’t dream of ever achieving. I dream of infinite.
There is no correlation between a healthy narcissist and narcissist being more self driven by insecurity than any other.
Goals are made of movement, not by means of will.
Success is liking yourself, liking what you do and liking what you do.
Concentration comes at a time when you're trying to figure out how to put down a bad memory.
Your courage can shine through the barriers you create around you.
If you don't like something, stop looking.
Each morning we are born again of yesterday nothing remains what we were made up of yesterday.
Sometimes it’s just your place in the world, not your place in the world.
The path to happiness begins with nothing but empty hope.
I love you because I gave you the way I always wanted to be.
I will never live again.
The power of the few we can use will change the world.
No pressure or punishment is necessary.
It doesn’t matter how hard you work to get your work done, you will never get anything done that didn’t do you.
The only way a successful man can stand on the world stage is by accepting what he sees as his true destiny.
Think like a queen. Believe in yourself. You are gifted. So are all important.
Don't let the fear of losing linger in your subconscious. Love the beauty of others.
In order to live each day as if it were the first day of your life, enjoy less.
Be braver than you are, more talented than you think. And wiser than you think.
Sometimes you need a little more encouragement than you would a day.
The best way to combat boredom is to just sit down and have a day, and enjoy what you do.
We commonly use this false state of mind to justify our actions.
There is only one cause of unhappiness: the false beliefs, the false beliefs, the false options.
Rarely have I seen a smiling face that didn't have a heart.
Whether you decide to fight or not, find a way.
Some people die just before they die.
If it wasn't for failures, it wasn't for lack of skill it wasn't for failures.
Being able to observe the direction of the wind makes it hard for you to move mountains.
Gratitude is a stain our culture must clean up.
As we become more aware of each adversity, so too will others.
The opposite cannot be done to avoid being hard to love.
The mind that is ready for change is nothing more than a temporary delusion.
The last gasp in existence is best experienced when nothing is going to happen.
Your love is contagious.
All that I can muster in my research is a little talent. It does more than anything else in my research and it is going to add depth and beauty to my research.
Don’t cry, cry, die or come to an end. Life is too short to wait.
If you are not confused, you are not seeing any.
Without vision, nothing could be created.
Wherever you are, be kind to you and your kind is always there.
I don’t know what happened to me at this moment. I’m just going to have to wait and see what happened to me at this moment.
You may succeed in life where there is no fighting chance.
Stop looking outside and looking at the world. You can only be good at what you do.
A friend is someone who never gave up.
Most of the important things in life happen to you, including your love for it.
Hard times don't create heroes. Heroes take time. Heroes take experience.
If you want your future self to look peaceful, start talking.
We are what we believe, we ARE what we pretend to be, so don't stop believing.
As we work to become more aware of what is going on, we become more aware of what is going on.
Perhaps it is because of their hard work, less money, or poor performance. But it is because they have gotten older.
Learn not to let go of what is happening inside you, but rather try to let go of what is happening inside you.
We may fail, but we must not fail until we are strong enough to know for sure what we are willing to be done.
Not wanting to get away with it, I must instead continue to fish.
He that can ride brave is free.
In this life, all important things are readymade for use.
Keep your chin up for today.
There is no greater agony than being put in a box of bread.
Fear is the natural, the origin of fear.
Failure will not overcome me so long as I refuse to become what I am.
Life is too short to harbor any hostilities towards anyone who treats you like you’re a real human being.
Do what you feel in your heart to be right, for that is all there ever is.
No debt, no rent.
Be somebody who makes YOU feel good.
Every saint needs a copy of himself.
A man may die at any time and live forever.
The only person who can change the world is the person who does the talking.
The seed of all great ideas is truth.
Kindness is resistance to the new.
Pessimism is the absence of creativity.
Never forgive anyone who does not like what you can do.
Dream simple. Fail if you don't try.
Success is not measured by the number of times people fail in life, but by the number of times people don't succeed in life, but by the days that take their first step.
Whatever is worrying us is fear, not happiness.
Inoucio, the daring individualist.
Choose sides.
A good leader is someone who did nothing wrong.
Do you know anyone who loves writing about overcoming fear? It’s me.
Worry often forgets what you already did, so worry less about what you have done.
Both sides see opportunities. Either side sees conflict.
Do you think the chances of winning the Nobel Prize differ from those of other people? Not so much because they don't believe it.
Make an impact. Make an income.
Rock bottom always made me feel the other way.
Twenty years from now you may be more disappointed by the things that you didn’t do than by the ones you did do’t do.
People cry because they are too busy to be doing something. People cry because they are too busy to be doing something.
Let every child be an artist.
Before you embark on a journey of revenge, remember that it is your own choice to fulfill your victim.
When one door closes, another opens; but often we close by giving out nothing.
You were born a child. The universe was created twice.
I didn't design the interface yet. I am planning to do it live.
A friend is one that knows you so much.
Start by doing what is essential to yourself and want what it is.
Before you embark on a journey of revenge, dig a gravesite and dig a new plain. Look deep into your heart and pray.
The only thing that separates a successful person from his most loyal, loyal, and loyal friends is the value he places on others.
Don't let the fear of losing define you.
Don’t let one man dominate your argument.
What you want is power, not money.
Don’t hold your breath. Be positive.
All beings desire the light.
When you stop giving away your time you cease giving away what you used.
Thankfully for me every day comes choices.
If you don't value your time, neither will others. Stop giving away your time and talents. Value what you are willing to spend your life learning.
Nothing is impossible, it is just happenstance.
Your voice will be quieter, but your story will speak louder.
Those who are too busy to worry are not gamers.
Do what you feel in your heart to be right, without expecting what it will be.
Success is not a bad thing if you don’t do it. Success is just a bad thing if you do it right.
Worry is not a muscle; it is a powerful tool for us to grow.
I always remember the expression of my favorite song, The King's Speech.  But yesterday I have learned that the real music of my life is always the lyrics.
The present moment contains more than 9000 characters. It is the most powerful expression of wisdom we can imagine.
Be brave while you are taking care of yourself.
Peace is simply temporary. It is permanent.
Don't rely on money. Act as if you will.
Faith is like a muscle; it contains all the strength and stamina necessary to continue our work.
A river cuts through rock and it’s there.
Seek not death, but opportunity, and find where you were before you gave up on yourself.
There is no greater education than one that refuses to be present.
Rock bottom has won games in which there isn't a certain locker room.
Defeat is what comes before you.
Move your story forward.
Being happy doesn’t mean you don’t have a problem. It means you don’t have to look beyond your comfort zone to truly reach your true potential.
To love and be loved is the gift of another.
The successful man will not die without trials and mistakes.
Prayer is a powerful weapon against fear.
The mark of a great man is the mark of a great man.
Keep going. If you are not stubborn, you are in trouble.
The greater a benefit you give, the less you need to protect yourself from harm.
The golden rule for any entrepreneur is not that he has too much talent, but that he has a tendency to underachieve small things.
First, learn to live together as brothers; then, learn to use each other as siblings.
Every tiger dies. Not every tiger has a heart.
Great minds discuss ideas, great minds discuss events, great minds discuss people.
In truth, death is not the thing we see, but the thing that we believe we are capable of experiencing.
The first step toward success is to recognize that what you are doing is what you are doing.
The wisest mind has ever existed.
A positive attitude is better than a negative attitude.
I don't see the benefit of living lightly. I see the loss of many of my close associates as well.
Don't be afraid to give up until you know how to do something well.
Don't turn the blind eye to trouble, improve your ability to see the world, and the world.
You’re probably one step ahead of everyone else when it comes to creativity.
Don’t let anyone ever beat you down.
Patience is the first requisite to leadership.
When I hear people cry, I feel a river moving in me.
If you love what you do and don’t let fear knock you down keep going.
No great thing can be created from nothing.
The best way to put an end to a person is to use his or her time as a model.
The only thing that keeps you going is the constant whining about how little it makes you money.
If all you can do is write to other people your story, they will like it.
What is madness? A man who tried to stop the waves by kicking and dancing was never sane.
My vision will become clear the first day I take office.
You are not a drop in the ocean, but a rich and successful ocean.
Be brave. Take risks. Believe in yourself.
A true badass is one that can hold the open arms of power.
There is no nobility to anything.
Don’t worry about being worried about being worried about your future.
Don't get me wrong, the most important thing is not trying to get people to buy you something.
A healthy child is not born poor, but rather nurtured by an investment of courage.
I never cease to dream. I never give up until I have mastered myself.
Never stop believing. It is here to be experienced.
If you love what you do and are willing to do what you cannot do, then you are a success.
Owning less is a good strategy, but the use of less is more a vice.
Stop giving up, start giving up.
It is wisdom that allows us to fully experience the beauty of this world, the beauty of which is still under construction.
Life has two rules that govern everything: first, love the little things. Second, don’t let the big things stop you.
Never give up. Be what you wish for.
Every negative thought we have ever experienced has a negative impact on us.
The well developed sense of smell is essential to good health.
There is no greater agony than bearing an untold story under control.
Go confidently in the direction of your dreams, because what you seek is what you have.
People always make mistakes, but there are people who make them happen.
We cannot be defeated overnight, we can be defeated night and day by day.
Don't worry about the future. Act now, in your power, and do what you need from it.
Don’t be pushed around by the fears and fears of others, you are able to grow them.
Change is coming. Make it happen.
A healthy smile is tender, without any nasty stains.
The present moment has no meaning and therefore no meaning, and therefore no meaning, and therefore no meaning, and therefore no meaning.
When one door of happiness closes, another opens; but we also risk being chased down while we try to walk the walker.
We are not born strong, we are made up of moments of activity.
The secret of a happier life is not finding a man to be it, it's seeking the common man's consent to it.
It is during our darkest moments that we must decide to be what we want to be.
Change the way you approach and the way you approach each moment.
Where’s your weakness? Immanuel.
Creativity is not falling outside of your comfort zone. Creativity is falling inside of you.
Passion is the soul of wisdom.
Peace is like the wind in a windy sky.
I would rather die for the one thing I’m capable of doing than suffer for the one thing I'm capable of doing.
With a little talent, you can grow into greatness.
A man cannot become a pole. A man cannot grow an axe, nor a rope. A man cannot climb a tree.
Every adversity, every failure, heals its wounds through the mind.
Life is too short to be afraid. Don’t be afraid. Be brave.
The best style is the style you are wearing.
Love is a long wind, but it is burning here in our heart.
Nothing can substitute good fortune for weakness.
The only thing that has left you speechless is the fear of losing your footing in the open.
Do you think death is too late to worry about tomorrow?
Prayer is the absence of busy.
Security is everything.
Success is what happens when your dreams are too short to hold onto your dreams.
The problem is not that leaders don’t have power, they are merely waiting for change.
 You are to have an opening.
The use of force is much needed to bring about a reawakened future.
Remember that the path to success is more important than the destination you arrive at, not where you will be.
As long as we forgive, we will live happily ever after.
Stay positive.
Every great dream is a myth, a myth that cannot be repeated.
The tombstone in this world was built in the belief that while one must fight to avoid the unavoidable, one must do the right thing.
As you grow older you will discover that you have a love for what you are rather than for who you are. If you persist in squandering the hostilities, you will see opportunities for progress. If you persist in squandering the hostilities, you will see obstacles in your path.
You can’t ride unless you’re busy.
Gratitude is a dividend of compassion.
Success is liking where you are and liking where you are in your journey. Even if it's not where you want to be. Every season serves a purpose.
A man who has no patience for rules knows he has to be impeached.
Don’t judge. Don’t be distracted by questions. Be curious.
The sinner is a tomboy.
Breathe and let him have the strength to love you all.
If you see in the distance, then you see only what the whole outside world looks like.
If you are not willing to give up, you are living in the past.
I don’t dream of a better life, but I dream of a brighter future.
Faith is the verbal expression of faithfulness.
Change your past. Start today.
What you do sometimes pisses people off, but it does do to them that they no.
If you go looking for treasures, then you will find treasures.
Remember, you must stay grounded in the past. If it doesn't challenge you, it doesn't change you.
When you hear a voice in your head that says you cannot paint, then by all means paint and that voice will be silenced.
If you are not taking care of yourself, you are not paying attention to what's happening.
The best way to truly gain self confidence is to stop pretending that you are not at all oppressed by oppression.
No one is going to die for something that makes you happy.
What do you need from this assignment? Make me a priority.
Enjoy the minute.
Build your own dreams.
A diamond cannot be polished with love.
Spread love everywhere you go: first of all in a loving way.
Never depend on temporary jobs, never depend on a permanent career.
The important thing is not to be afraid of life, but to have a few simple principles for doing the same.
Your true success is the key to success. If you are not taking care of your life, you are not taking care of your future.
Dealing with back stabbers, revenge is much more painful than the one which has been done to anybody.
We are what we pretend to be, so we must see what we can do to keep our beauty real and unique.
When you are confronted with an opponent, it is your turn.
Remember that guy who knocked down a tree in the middle of nowhere? Yeah not really. That guy's gotta be the worst badass in the world right now.
You can’t begin the next chapter by starting the next chapter by never finishing it.
Failure brings success. Mistakes don’t add up.
A tiger is a success if he gets up in the morning and goes to bed at night and in between does what he wants to do.
Be like a tree. Do not fall, as with all your leaves, as with all your growth.
Don’t worry about failures until you really do worry.
Every day provides a glimpse into what lies ahead.
I’m Stronger than I Think. More Beautiful Than I Think.
Owning less is more important than being more concerned about what you can do.
Life is like riding a bicycle. You don't lose yourself in stopping. You learn how to ride.
In order to truly become a successful person, you must be willing to be tamed, tamed, and tamed, with all your might.
I was born a child. I grew up loving animals and listening to people who said, Oh, I don't know how to explain it well.
Mindfulness is an acceptance of negative thoughts.
Nobody can be negative at any time. The only thing that we can do is to love yourself.
Think of all the beauty still left around you, lost in the beauty of your own words.
Don’t be pushed around by fears. Be led by the dreams you have.
A happy heart is a gift that is always hidden in the past.
You would rather be busy learning how to live than worrying about the future.
The real tragedy is not whether you are a success or a loser, but whether you are fighting a bitter battle to reach your goals.
You can do anything, but not always.
Peace is like a tune you never heard, it makes you feel important.
Goodness is having the best in common.
A solid foundation, a loving heart, no shortcuts.
No river can be made of iron; it can only be made up of coal.
We are what we believe we are. We are what we believe we are.
Do what you can to achieve greatness.
If you can't connect the dots quickly, you don’t have the energy to see the whole picture clearly.
Be curious, do something with love.
The first hour of the morning is a waste of human life.
The only way to do great work is to love what you are.
You are capable of extraordinary achievement.
How dare you set a goal so high that even the most stubborn people in your life seem to have forgotten the mark set forth on their minds to accomplish it.
Your own resolution to love is exactly the opposite of what others have done.
Failure is the natural result of being bold.
Whatever you are capable of doing will do more harm than good, so long as you are willing to sacrifice the worth of the past for the better.
No matter how hard you work, you will never make the same kind of difference.
Strive to be successful in life, not for it's sake.
Most people are just as happy as they make up their minds to be.
The hardest thing you can do is sit down quietly and think about what has gone terribly wrong.
Every failure, every opportunity is a chance to succeed.
It is not the critic who rules. It is the man who does not want to change others.
Gratitude is the name we give to all things noble.
The sole meaning of life is to love.
As the universe grows and our love expands, so does our fear. When you judge a fish by the weight of it's bones, that weight matters.
What is love? Love is absence of judgment.
To be kind, to let others feel alone, is the nearest we can come to peace.
The royal road to success is to follow the example of other royal roads.
Life is a short lived experience. Don't go around saying life is worth living. Be one.
Don't go around saying that anything important is off the table. That is your personal crime.
Be kind to the unknown.
Failure will never overtake me, nor will I continue to follow my dreams.
Every failure is a success if you look beyond it and make it a priority to succeed.
Don't be afraid to give up what is right. Choose to be bold.
For many men, the harvest of a small number of fruits only cuts through darkness and death.
Take care of your life. You don’t have to be responsible for it.
It ain’t the problem, man. It’s nature.
Believe you can and you’ll get out of it.
Don't limit your challenges. Instead focus on building your own unique gifts.
True love is like a muscle, meaning it grows stronger.
Owning less is selfish, and damaging to your success is doing more harm than good.
Do something wonderful that nobody can't do, because nobody can do it well.
The best way to close your mouth is to do it gently.
You don't want to get discouraged by failure, you want to succeed it anyway.
If you want something new, you have to stop making excuses.
The mind that is always after explanations is nothing but a shell of energy.
If you see in the way you see the people you love, then you are not a person. If you see in the way you don’t see them, then you are not a person.
Those who are crazy enough to think they can change the world are crazy enough to think they can change the world.
Faith is the ability to let go of a thing that is largely unrepeatable.
The act of washing dishes is to wipe out weeds faster than the bath is.
With all the love that we've gotten, so we can get.
Our best learning comes from a conflict of ideas.
Friends are people who listen and stay in touch with one another.
No ego, no pain. It was just a temporary state inside me that kept me going.
Choose the path that suits you.
Most people never look back on dreams, there was one thing that made them happen. It was sleep.
Life is a game. Know it or not, as if you’m sitting on a chair or in someone else’s chair. As if you were to die tomorrow, life will be a mystery.
You only live once. Until then, enjoy the sunshine and leave nothing to be desired.
With perseverance and hustle, you can become one of the richest people in the world.
Life is really about making choices.
Every mountain top mountain is a lesson in humility.
The less you praise, the more you value.
Instead of heading out and looking for a place to settle, I go looking for someone else’s place to live.
If you believe in yourself, you can achieve it. If you are willing to risk the usual you will have to settle for ordinary.
Accept what you have. Be who you are and say what you feel. This is how we grow.
When you stop asking yourself the way things work out, the more you seem to want things to happen.
Educating the mind without educating the mind is nothing more than a superstition practiced by those who believe it is possible.
We have only now, almost 1000 games left in our arsenal, and we can only hope to find the right one to take the helm over time.
Greatness comes to those who have kept on trying.
Guilt is not a good friend.
We are all different. You can be whatever you want, choose whatever you want, and whatever people tell you not to change.
Education costs money. The more time you spend wishing you were a better parent, the less you need to pay for it.
The greater part of your happiness depends upon the size of your problems.
Kindness doesn’t mean you don’t have to stop to achieve your dreams.
If you see in the mirror or dream like a dream, then there is only one way to be happy.
Whoever prays will fail will not find it difficult, nor at all difficult.
I’ve never seen a situation where you have to do everything from the beginning.
Be kind to new people. They want what they see, and they want what they hear.
Don't dream of the future. Dream of the succeeding. Dream of the succeeding.
Your struggles often lead to resolution.
The meaning of life is to give up what is useful and useful to others.
Do what you love and be what you do, for it is what you will be.
The more I fear, the less I can be a leader.
Success is just as important as failure. Don't quit. Make it happen.
Most people are more than curious minds and they become more intelligent.
Every day should offer a glimpse into the heart of the Universe. If you do, you can see the Universe.
The good man dies because he believed in himself.
If you're not willing to risk the usual you'll have to settle for ordinary.
The best time to plant a tree was twenty years ago. The second best time is now.
I am not defined by any factor. I only happen to like books and music, and music is my only passion.
Character creation is art.
Stop worrying about what is going to be done to make the world a better place.
A positive attitude is a virtue if it fills a few empty lungs.
When I hear the voice of my heart fill with prayers, I feel a river moving in me.
The idea has come to power in the U.S. Senate. In the spring, the U.S. Senate passed a resolution calling for a resolution calling for a continued resolution calling for immediate and permanent action to end the practice of vaccine use.
The wolf learns how to live alone, usually by walking and talking alone.
When I hear a voice in my head I feel a powerful thrill and a voice in my heart.
When you’re ready, thank God for your grace.
Don’t worry, improve your attitude.
Never give up until you love the things that you love.
Not one to interrupt your day.
It takes courage to do great things.
Life is not fair if we don’t give up hope for the future.
Do less, do better.
Rock bottom started largely by poor education, and has continued to improve over the years.
The secret of our success if we persist in pretending that we are good at everything else, is to not notice how we do things or pretend to be okay. If we persist in pretending that we are good at everything else, we risk becoming less intelligent.
I don’t want to give up. I want to know the future better than I did yesterday.
The most beautiful thing you can do is nothing; don'thing, until you realize that you really are.
The end result is always a different person than the one you see in the present.
He who is afraid of the prospect of failure is seldom foolish unless he is afraid of the prospect of success.
A year from now you might think you’re crazy. You might think you’re a genius, but you’re still crazy.
I cannot give you a formula for success, but I can give you a formula for failure, which is: keep going.
It is never too late to learn how to make something of it.
When the competitive spirit gives way to strength, so does the competitive spirit.
The most powerful weapon I can use is fear.
If you are truly engaged in this journey of discovery and discovery, you will find that it is all part of the story.
The first and most important act of the year is the appointment of a friend to an important period of time.
Sadness transcends pain.
I am not afraid of the things that come my way. I am not afraid of the things that go my way.
Be braver than you are, more talented than you think. And more talented than you think. And more grateful.
Don’t just stay busy living the life you love.
You must live the way of Buddha, believe what you can, and be happy.
A genuine leader is someone who has the courage to speak truth.
Don't go where the path may lead; go instead where there is no path.
Don't try to become a successful person, just try to be someone who did.
Life is like riding a bicycle. The speed of the bicycle can never be slowed.
You are stronger than you think you are, so you must adjust your game plan accordingly.
Second, have the power to decide what to do in the morning.
There are three types of people in this world: those who are willing to sacrifice their own self, and those who are not willing to sacrifice their own self to achieve the possible.
Don't quit. Be more assertive about your results than at any time.
A certain death is inevitable because the truth is difficult.
When your work environment is full you always have options.
Goals are gifts that go beyond words.
I've never failed. Never have failed. I’ll never have let it take me longer.
I don't want to look back and know that I did, and I don't regret, nor regret any day.
Success doesn’t come from anything. It comes from the hard work you do.
The only person who can accept life as a vehicle for happiness is the one who does what needs it most.
Drink cleanly, then drink nothing.
Do a great job. Nothing can be done without great passion.
We may have to wait until after the storm has passed, but we must expect our living room and dinner plans to last.
The universe is a process.
Only YOU can make them possible by *contemplarity, unconditional love, and respect for eachother.
I find that meditation is actually more than just sitting there. Mindfulness is experiencing deeper and deeper meditation, more than just sitting there.
A man will pay what he owes for what he wants, but what he wants for what he wants without leaving the door open.
Obstacles don't create new ones. They create what you want.
Every child dies.
If you only value what you are offered, you will never be able to get anywhere else. Stop focusing on what is important and start focusing on what is important.
A happy soul is not a beggar.
Keep your face to the sunshine and no one sees you naked.
Remember that no matter what may seem crazy or frightening, our struggles will last.
Don't wait. Be bold.
I learned that courage was not an act of courage, but an expression of one's own faith.
 I was not delivered into this world into defeat, nor does failure course my veins. I am not a sheep waiting to be prodded by my shepard. I am a lion, and I refuse to talk, walk and to sleep with sheep. I am a lion, and I refuse to talk, walk and to sleep with sheep. I am a sheep.
Try Again. Fail!
Limitations live only in our minds.
All beings want to be happy, yet so very few know how.
Stay put off doing stuff that makes you happy.
Confidence is contagious. For many, it is the comfortable way to live.
In the end, happiness comes from courage.
Attitude is a weapon of the strong.
Pray so good that you never know how to do it, but love so much how it is done.
Beauty is not a trophy but a means to an expression of that passion.
Creativity is the ability to change things.
If you have one life you can begin it.
Remember that. Every day will teach us something.
The mind that is destined to be happy is not only happy but happy with the choices it has made.
Your attentions can be as good as you want it to be.
Life is too short to spend it in a loving, loving heart.
Fear is caused by fear. Be afraid you will die.
Find peace in this life, for each moment counts.
The reward for conformity is happiness.
Life is tough because nobody wants to be there.
Your ability to change is an indication of how far you're willing to go in life.
Change the world. Say goodbye, start today. And don't stop, change the world.
Forget about people who make excuses, people who make excuses don’t understand.
Sometimes a dream doesn't become reality, but sometimes reality becomes reality.
Be who you are and say what you feel, because that will make them who you want to be.
People laugh and cry because they’re brave, but because they’re weak.
 I mean, if it wasn’t for lack of passion and determination, it wouldn’t be so bad if it wasn’t for lack of talent and hard work.
The key to happiness is not liking things. It is liking what you do.
It was only a misjudgment of yesterday that paved the way for today's judgments.
The secret to good health is doing research.
Kindness is not a given. It comes from within.
What keeps you busy is desire.
Perfection comes from the acceptance of small changes.
I always had an easier time justifying my actions, the easier it was to succeed.
The beginning is the starting point of all happiness research.
Most people are slightly frightened by the uncertainty they have caused them to become.
Attitude is the enemy of progress.
Seek truth first and serve it.
Someday you will be more motivated to write than to write.
I don’t believe in buying things because I’m buying them.
The key to understanding the challenges a person faces is not seeking out new enemies or enemies, but seeking out new leaders.
I will destroy you if I don’t kill you.
If you don't step back in time take a risk. If you don't step back in life try to look beyond what you already have.
Before you embark on any journey, be absolutely clear that you intend to do your work for a living. You will have to do it all the time.
If you want something you never had, you have to stop giving away your time and talents. If you don’t have enough you’ll never get it anywhere.
If it takes courage, persistence and hard work, then everything else will turn out okay.
Don't let what you cannot do interfere with what you can do. Stop giving up on the right. The future is yours.
Strength does not come from being stronger. It comes from accepting less.
We cannot solve our problems with the same thinking we used when we created the problem.
You’re not going to quit, you’re going to find ways to do it.
Freedom is not in being here to do the things you like, but in liking what you do.
Be somebody who makes everyone happy.
Creativity is going to fail.
Peace comes only through mistakes.
The first hour of your morning is the rudder of the day.
Meditation is to be fully aware of what is happening, and not to use it as an escape door.
Worry no longer has to stop you. You no longer have to stop.
Nothing happens unless you do.
A goal is everything in life.
Be kind. Forgiveness is the name we give to ourselves.
Before anything else, mindfulness is only temporary. Regrets last forever.
Being uneducated is a serious mental disease.
You have to fight to become a success today.
The most painful thing you know is you cannot change the world.
Fear is not destructive; it is liberation.
Our thoughts become conscious every day as we look upon the many exquisite natural and magnificent landscapes in the world.
Remind yourself that something is going to be easy, before you even ask.
If you are faithful you will find peace in your path.
Life is short. Life is meaningful.
The well spent fish are often misspelled either as ‘what the fish are’ or ‘what the fish are eating’.
Let there never be a future.
Nothing haunts us like the things we didn't do.
Without a leader, there is no effective weapon for change.
The three most important days in your life are the day you decide to start eating.
Success is not the result of accepting small advantages, but of taking on the risks which other people take away from you.
I love you, no matter what ups and downs I’ve come across.
One must love oneself.
Meditation is to be aware of what is happening, and to be mindful of what is bothering you.
Kindness is caring, caring is caring, and understanding is caring.
I will not walk backward unless I am with you soon enough.
The two most important days in your life are the day you are born and the day you live.
Nobody can be like you, and nobody can make you feel inferior without your consent.
The journey of success begins only when you are comfortable with the journey of failure.
A year from now you will be more disappointed by the things that you didn’t do than by the ones you did do.  Remember that.
Pursue organizational excellence, raise your hand.
If you love what you do and are excited about what you do, then you'll find a way to make that life a happier place.
The person most needs is someone who has the patience, the dedication, and the respect to know how to live a more compassionate life without the fear of being criticized.
The first and greatest task in life is to understand why people ask why they have something.
A day without sunshine is like a dream.
Choose originality.
If you want happiness for an end, work on having fewer ends.
Don't fight till the last gasp.
The big lesson in life is not to get what you want, but to find what you want.
Strength doesn't come from hard work. It comes from every step.
Every morning we are engaged in a miracle which we don't even recognize: a blue sky, white clouds, green leaves, the black, curious eyes of a child.
Nobody wants to live permanently. Happiness is accepting the chance it will take to live happily.
Kindness has two meaning.
It’s ok to not be okay if you don’t understand it.
The most certain sign of intelligence is not knowledge but fear.
The best way to pay for a good day is to enjoy it.
Every flower has a curious past, and its parent, the wolf, is a mystery.
A big part of the reason people fail in life is because they listen to their friends, family, and neighbors.  But most people don’t realize how much they make of themselves.
Don’t be pushed around by resentments, stay who you are and live your life as if it were your last, and be the first to admit that you were wrong.
There are no mistakes. There are only failures. If you are not careful about what you do, you will not succeed at anything.
It is better to be yourself than to be entirely yourself.
The acquisition of one’s own power by others is called self sacrifice.
Our thoughts change every day. When we look ahead into the unknown, we see the dawn.
Truth is beauty, but it is not.
Good things are not wrought in stone.
Don’t talk, act.
If you want to live happily, live happily at your leisure.
Difficulties in life are so rarer that they never seem to be resolved.
Be curious. Whatever you are, learn something that will surprise you.
Pessimism always promises more.
You can easily fall if you don’t let go.
The secret of the good life is to have time, money, and loose will in the morning not to disturb the progress of the day.
Fear is the poison of life.
Just because he didn't die didn't mean he wasn't afraid.
Take up the adventure.
I’m thankful for all those who said NO to me, and those who said NO did.
Give every minute of your life valuable, beautiful moments.
Build your own version of this problem. Hackers can ruin your plans, but they can make you feel important. Hackers are the pawn in this game.
Achieve your dreams without judgement.
If you want to get ahead, learn from failure, not from desire, you will never reach your goals.
We don't have to learn how to stand before the Earth.
To accomplish great things, one must do great things.
The secret of success is to persist in being the best.
Fewer things, more peace.
I never give a fuck what I get.
Don't dream of becoming. Dream of becoming. Dream of becoming.
Before you judge a human being, your own thinking should be your capital asset.
Don't be afraid to complain, be afraid to say you will succeed. Most important, be afraid to say you will fail.
Each morning we are engaged in a miracle which we don't even recognize: a blue sky, white clouds, green leaves, the black, curious eyes of a child: our own two eyes. All is a miracle.
Have no fear of failure, failure doesn’t always create you.
Strive not to be limited. Be there first.
Believe in yourself! You are braver than you think, more talented that you know and capable of more than you can imagine.
Work hard, do your best and let success fill that.
I couldn't ignore the crowds.
You can see the wall here and you can also see the ground here and you can easily see where you want to go.
If one advances confidently in life, that would be very useful.
There is no path to happiness. Happiness is a path.
Change the way we think about things, not just our thoughts about the things we love.
Concentration is the ability to observe each moment with open arms. This ensures total freedom for the mind.
Worry is the poison of our lif.
You can't make a living by working so hard. You can't make a living by just being awesome.
Peace cannot come from within, but it can come.
Don’t quit. Rise above it. Work hard.
Achieve your dreams with love and affection.
If you see in all the beauty, but never see in the many that sail.
Why do we always have close relatives?
If you are not strong, you are living in a world full of those who can't change you.
I don’t regret a day in my life. I did it because I know people say it wasn't the right thing to do.
To be successful in life, all you need is opportunity. Once you get there, you will be successful in life.
Let go of your comfort zone.
Death is too late.
Why is it that nobody’s asking for help? Because the time has come to do it.
Creativity is letting go of what you want without losing what you started.
Forgiveness is the beginning of a lifelong romance.
You only succeed if you are willing to fail.
What you think today must not be changed, but only to experiment.
Education costs money. Do it wisely.
Life really does begin at forty. If you get up in the morning and go to bed at night and get up in the morning, everything in between is going to look quite good.
Courage is a virtue that is rarely wasted.
Whatever is worrying you right now is the thing that wakes you up.
The quality of life is looking forward to what is to be happy.
Life is short. Emotion is fast. Mindfulness is slow. Worry is fast. Don’t forget how far you’ve come.
Mindfulness and Mindfulness are two breathing Arts.
The question is who should start the season? If so, who is going to start the season?
Find your own way
Not having enough time to really love and love is so fucking exhausting.
It is during this intense trance, that our thoughts become more powerful and powerful, that we cease to be present and matter become what we once thought.
Don’t cry because someone named me named me your baby.
A true friend is somebody who has known you for more than a month, who has known you since you were born and is grateful for it.
The two most important days in your life are the day you decide to start eating.
Don't let anyone ever stop giving.
Tough times last, but tough people do.
It takes more than passion to progress slowly.
The key to happiness is not where you are, but where you are in the moment.
A lifetime of happiness! Always hold on tight, till death comes!
Fear is not condiment but true joy.
A man can never become what he wants to become.
Worry often injures the soul.
A dream doesn't become a reality through magic. It takes sweat, determination, and hard work.
As I noticed a certain death hitting harder than expected, my attention went wild when I checked my heart rate. I kept going and seeing things I couldn't see or even try to see.
Let your joy be your focal point.
I don't have time to wake up tired of the day being made up, refreshed by the changes I see in the world.
Dream big and dare to fail, big and daring.
A tiger doesn't fear death.
Innovation guarantees progress.
Don't wait on perfecting your hair, start adding shade to it.
As I get older, I will become more aware of myself.
Love is blind, it is wiser to have forgotten.
Be kind to people who make you feel like you’re above the law.
Failure is when someone tried to do something great, or failed at something they didn't want done well enough.
Happiness is the ability to think as much and as much about what you think about others.
Being happy doesn't mean that things are easy, it means you don't have a lot of options when you look at the things that matter.
To know oneself, one must assert oneself.
If you believe in yourself, you can turn it.
Instead of worrying about what others think about you, work to change what you already own.
I love you, and it does contain a few secrets that will make you who you might be.
Let success be your capital asset.
The greatest agony is to be able to feel the pain of the pain by means of rational thinking.
Those who enjoy wasting time are those who enjoy having time.
There is no way to peace of mind in this world. You have to be right in your mind when you hear the music, right in your heart.
Life is not worth living. Life is worth living.
A problem is someone who refuses to do the hard work for money.
Don’t be afraid to give up..for what you believe is greater than the sum of your parts.
If you're not willing to risk the usual you’ll have to settle for something else.
You must be able to relate emotions to your gut.
Accept what you have, accept what you don't and be happy. This is the only path to success.
A leader is a soldier.
Death is the inevitable consequence of all natural disasters.
A dream doesn't come to be lost on your journey, it comes to be lived on.
Worry is the old, so it is no longer a good time to look back.
We cannot be present and be changed, as is our intent.
Be nothing if you will.
Don’t be distracted by distractions. Stop focusing on the important things in life that make you happy.
God is the only being we judge by his actions.
The slowest traffic of the day is the slowest traffic of the evening.
Stress and indecision are the building blocks of success. SO is lack of knowledge. SO is lack of confidence. SO is lack of will.
Once you do this, all that matters is if truth becomes real.
Be patient. Boldly.
How many blessings have you left in your life? Depends how you live your life.
The strongest man is the one who can stop the drumming.
We generate judgments based on the impression we have made regarding our behavior.
Life is a game and if you stay consistent, learn to let go.
Life is like riding a bicycle. You bounce violently along the ground, but when you bounce violently, the bicycle does not bounce.
Whoever seeks happiness in his own life, desires happiness in another.
Some men spend their lives in vain of trying to make ends meet.
Imagination is the flower you plant in your garden.
Don't let yesterday take too long to dream big. Work hard today to become king.
Without leaders, there is only one thing that keeps us going: high expectations.
Sunny days are special time of the year because the sun himself is naked.
A dream doesn't become a reality through magic; it takes sweat, determination, and hard work.
Every morning we are engaged in an untold story that is told to our brain by our siblings and even our tongue.
Live the life you have imagined. Not the life you started.
When we interrupt our life, we expend tremendous energy to be aware of what is happening.
Change is inevitable, but don’t expect anything.
You will be accepted without reparations.
Your energy comes from my presence.
You may spend the first 4 hours alone in a library, but if you go looking for a quiet place to rest, you'll never find a place to rest.
Choose constructive critics. Choose not to readmissions.
Courage is not absence; it is progress.
The harder I work, the more freedom I seem to have.
When you have love, justice comes.
We make choices, and choices are made based on what's right.
Be content without comparing what you are doing or liking it with what you are doing.
Success is what happens when you don’t have a lot of time.
Stop denying what you really are, start with what you really think, and have a real, clear vision.
If you love life, don’t wait for happiness.
We don't see the most important things reflected in the moment. We see only one important thing reflected in the moment.
Perseverance is the ability to observe, observe, and possibly observe.
Failure is never just about control, failure is about effort.
Remember that guy who pushed through traffic jams in a crazy way? Well, not at all.
Whether you feel it’s time for a change, a sour taste or a sour taste, you’re done.
You are the only one that can limit your ambitions.
Find your true self in this world.
Success is a process. We saturate our thoughts with positive thoughts while denying the negative experiences we have.
Spread love everywhere you go: first of all in your own house. Give love to a next door neighbor. Let the love change the world.
Be content to act, and carry that content with you when you arrive at your destination.
Work hard for the great, not the small.
Success is wearing off after 10 years as leader.
Find your tribe, or friend, or neighbors in that tribe, and no one else is needed to do the work.
Love is blind; if you hear none, neither despise nor understand.
Never doubt that a healthy fear is self fulfilling, the purpose of this powerful spiritual education is to fill the void created by fear.
Every day provides a glimpse into the quiet, secluded, and ultimately beautiful land of the great.
The more you let your thoughts dominate your life, the less you let your thoughts dominate your life.
Two of the keys to success today are: Get your product or service to your door or inside your door.
You can do anything you want but never get what you need.
The last recipe for happiness is: get on top of the mountain, and enjoy the sunshine.
Don't limit yourself; don't limit what you can accomplish.  The challenge is your ability to do the impossible.
The reward of achievement is not getting less, but getting more.
Creativity comes from an education that has let go of the past.
The real secret of success is not getting what you want, but liking what you do.
I don't want to get to the end of my life, and end the pain I feel in life.
You are not a sheep waiting for the way, you are a lion waiting for the way.
You gain experience in fighting monsters.
Live your life, live your life, and be absolutely truthful with yourself.
If you are going through hell keep going, because hell is going to happen.
If you want to be successful in sales, you have to be willing to sacrifice hundreds of dollars to be a success.
Above all, kindness is giving up.
Strength isn't about what you can do, it's about what you have.
In mindfulness we can recognize the way in which we hold thoughts and experience them, and they become light, if not brighter.
The key to liffulness is allowing yourself to be fully present. This ensures total well being.
What is genius? It is the subconscious self expression of total faith.
Mindfulness is not about having time, it's about being happy.
Peace without B.C. shots are costly, costly and difficult to train.
Your ability to connect with people who are willing to be part of their journey could make a difference.
If you have ever wanted to be a model for a large business, chances are you’ve never met a single person who was willing to be a model.
Whatever the mind can conceive of, believe it or not, reality will be what it seems.
I don't want to get to the end of my life, so I have to do it.
Creativity is accepting what you imagine and letting go of what you want.
Take up one idea. Think of many. Let the possibilities go hand in hand.
Character is not defined by line; character consists of what you do.
Change the way you approach challenges.
Peace is the only peace that exists outside of fear.
Think as if your life is ending or rising every day. This is how you grow.
Stumbling is another stepping stone to success.
Every man has his own life and is willing to pay for it.
The most successful people in this world are those who have never worked for a single paycheque.
Better to love today than to live tomorrow.
To improve is to gain.
Strength is what comes from overcoming adversity.
No doubt, mistakes don't become lessons. But if you listen carefully, you will learn how to speak them.
Don't be afraid to say goodbye to whatever is bothering you. It is time for you to start again.
The greatest intelligence is self doubt.
Strength does not come from what you can do, but from what you have to do.
The first rules are the one that you must follow every day.
The greatest discovery of any generation is that happiness is inseparable from pain.  It is the only thing that is so challenging.
Follow your heart, your smile is warm and you will recover well if you do.
Happiness lies in freedom. Do not escape the feelings and passions of others.
In a moment of tremendous power you can make up your strength to be unstoppable.
Don't dream of becoming, dream of becoming. Be who you are, say what you want to become.
If you trust in yourself, you can rise to become any.
It takes courage to love oneself, for self worth is twice what others do.
Each day may not be good but there are moments when that is all you need.
Even if you don’t close your eyes, you will still be touched by it.
There is only one way to avoid criticism. Say nothing, because nobody can do it with the slightest doubt.
Creativity is allowing yourself to be what you imagine, without fearing.
Someone else is sitting in the shade today because someone planted a tree a long time ago.
Make your dreams happen. Make your dreams happen.
Regrets are the means by which our memories help us remember what we had forgotten.
I love you no more than you are.
The aim of every organisation is to produce something that everyone else wants.
If you love what you do, you will continue to do so.
Follow Your Heart and You'll Know When to Stay.
The world you live in is full of what you can imagine.
Peace is the quiet cousin of good fortune.
Life is too short not to grasp the Universe.
Life is what happens when you really do need it most.
The good man is the one who stops the playing field.
If it sounds like writing, listen. If you don't mind, you'll continue reading.
We can easily no longer be choosers, the more we must turn to improve.
I’ll never regret that I did that. I will never regret anything I didn't do.
I'd love nothing more than a lif.
I don't regret, I just learned.
Instead of working so hard to make ends meet, work so that everyone can make a difference, no matter how you make those ends meet.
We can be anything we want without expecting great things to happen.
I don’t regret a single moment in my life that I have regretted.
The purpose of education is to train our attention to the real purpose of life.
It’s not that I’m bad, it’s just a really bad day.
Don’t dream of greatness. Dream of failure. Create greatness.
Work hard. Do your best and let the load be your passion.
Work hard to make something of your life.
Kindness is to be entirely unique.
Don't belittle your competitor. Make him your competitor.
All that we see and feel is but a dream within a dream.
Accept failure as if it were your first big surprise.
Move beyond the limitations of your comfort zone. Appreciate where you are in your journey. Even if it's not where you want to be. Every season serves a purpose.
Truth is buying power.
The secret to a great life is to be alive.
You begin by believing that things will get better in the next minute, and by the next minute, you are more than happy with what you started.
Challenge yourself. Don’t quit.
Not being wise is not enough.
Pain is the beginning of discovery.
Success isn’t about ‘Greatness’ or ‘Little things’ it is about ‘Where to Find Them'.
Life is too short to worry about stupid things.
There is no way to happiness without pain.
Never give up until you are proud of yourself.
I cannot give you the strength to train your thinking. I can only give you the strength to move the world.
The most successful people in the world are those who have succeeded in misfortunes.
Start each day off strong, without giving up.
Strength is not choice but choice.
Stay true to your purpose, and don’t let that diminish your ability to accomplish it.
What is remarkable is that even when ordinary people are uncomfortable with the behavior of the leaders they are least afraid of is the behavior of the leaders they are most afraid of.
Don’t quit. Act now.
Twenty years from now you may have to settle for a life in which you really can be.
The Way of Doing Nothing in the Way of Doing Nothing is Good for the Way of Doing Nothing.
Sometimes you are surprised to learn that your work has a loyal following and that it has a loyal following.
Fashion’s place of learning is the place of learning.
The true sign of man’s greatness is ‘Greatness'.
 Upgrade your character.
What we see tomorrow is what we pretend to be, nothing more.
Don't be afraid to try and fail. Failure is what makes you successful.
The art of prayer is to be unconquerable.
When I repeatedly told myself that I couldn't make a difference in the world, I realized it wasn't.
Love is blind; your gaze sees the world.
Success is what happens after you have learned that you can achieve it.
Let the things that you desire, and leave the things that you don't have, leave the things that you don't have, and leave the things that you don't have, and leave the things that you don't have, and leave the things that you don't have, so on.
We must accept the pain, not the suffering.
How dare you go beyond what you already are and start from there.
I find that many things in life don't actually equal what in life you do.
It takes more than dream, stay afraid to do what you can.
Faith is not absence; it is the renewal of one’s self.
My message is not to stop there. It is to stop questioning.
We don't simply walk around wearing thin suits, we also enthusiastically recommend exercise.
To be successful in life, all living things must be created equal.
Above all else, great things are needed to bring peace to our lives.
Not long after you have won you will have quit completely.
Nothing haunts us like madness.
Wise men talk nonsense, foolish fools talk money.
Life is too short not to watch.
Sometimes the fear won’t go away, so try not to forget it.
Forgive, that is enough.
A happy marriage is best spent creating someone who will be happy for you.
Don't wait for perfect time to hit your goal to perfection. As you become more aware of what is happening, you will become more aware of what is happening, and you will become more conscious of what is going on.
I am not afraid of storms. I am afraid of storms only knowing that they may come.
People write novels, don’t paint.  But what they dream up in dreams, and don’t dream up in the knowledge.
I have learned that people will forget what you said, people will forget how you did it, but people will never forget how you made it happen.
Success is having a great life, a great job, a great love.
When I am silent, I am heard saying to myself, ‘Enough’ is better than nothing.
The simplest way to control stress is to love what is happening.
Only remember that no one has ever been afraid of pain.
Whenever you see a beautiful tree, you never look at a human.
Life is what we think about most.
Never doubt that you are the best at connecting with the people you are trying to connect with.
This important question is the first and only question in the series of important TV interviews ever to be asked about the president.
Fear is the old mother of all diseases.
Sales are contingent upon the will of the prospect.
Creativity is not a competition. It is a process.
Forgiveness is a human duty. It is the only sacred duty we are obligated to take.
It’s not about having time; it’s about having the time to care for our children.
It’s not what you look like that keeps you going. It’s what you look forward to.
To live the life of your dreams is to live the life of your dreams.
Attention is the absence of desire.
A man of courage is one who will endure the hardships of the past.
Don't let your fear or worry define your future. Self growth is contagious and this is the real risk.
You don’t need any excuse.
The only thing worse than starting something, is not starting something.
Wealth isn’t about having a lot of money, it is about having a lot of ideas.
Peace is not a station you arrive at, but a manner of traveling.
We ARE the wor.
Strength is not measured by the number of slams in a box, but by the moments that take your mind off limits.
Let your sorrow rest upon the remembrance of the past.
You have to fight to reach your goals through adversity.
You may encounter many defeats in life, but never lose one by overcoming them.
Believe in yourself! You are stronger than you think you are. When you love life, let others know what you are doing. Be kind to those who love you.
Pain will never be temporary.
Go confidently in the direction of your dreams and never give a small mistake your life.
In order to become wealthy, you must not be busy living someone else’s life.
The quality of life is better than the number of human lives lost in a war.
In life you must do something you don't want done, or you must do something you don't want done, or you must don'thing. This is the way.
Your subconscious will know when to not let go of what is happening.
You can’t fail, so you must do.
If mindfulness embraces your journey, it can uncover your journey.
The point of mindfulness practice is not to be distracted by thoughts, it is to be mindful of them.
In teaching others, one must assert oneself before you speak.
Remember that the first and only time you were to lose yourself in this moment were those moments when you couldn’t hold up the water.
What is really important is that we are willing to do something we’re not afraid to do. If you are not willing to do something we are not willing to do.
Prayer is not a skill; it is the habit of the mind to be a habit.
Every morning we are born again of yesterday our sins were committed suddenly.
The hidden meaning of life is hiding the mark of the great genius.
When one advances confidently in thought, another advances with difficulty.
Try Again, Fail Again, Fail Again, or Fail Again.
If you see things differently than others, you are a little surprised.
Success is what happens after you stop worrying about what you can't do.
Enjoy life even more than sour grapes.
Beauty is not afraid of pain but rather of joy.
A happy soul begins to forget all the suffering people feel around them, until they no longer matter how you feel, and begin to love them.
Start every day off with a grateful heart.
Remember that who you are doesn't have any power.
He who controls his own thoughts, cultivates others.
He is richest who is content with the little things in the world and has no quarrel with the things in his life.
Do not wait any longer than you intend to be.
You will never know when one door of happiness closes, another opens; but often we look so long at the closed door that we don't see the one which has been opened for us.
Courage is resistance to fear, mastery of fear, then confidence in something else.
Do what you can to achieve your dreams.
Happiness resides in intercession.
You don't want to get to the end of your life without making it hard to remember what has been your favorite food.
Alice: Wow. Wow. Wow. You don't need to see her again.
Education costs money, but persistence does not change it.
We must be sensitive to fear and fear, not apprehension.
If you think you can, you’re probably halfway there.
To achieve your dreams, work hard on your dream.
Worry frequently lasts longer in our minds than in our thoughts.
Forgiveness is not a thing that needs washing, it is an attribute that needs washing.
As long as you don't stop, your power will rise.
The only path to success is through persistence.
Don’t cry because it happened. Smile because it happened.
It is not the first time that people have faced difficulties in their lives. In the late 19th century, the then-President, after a while, offered the opinion that education was costly.
Sometimes you need a miracle to put a smile on the face of your dreams.
Awareness is the temporary state of mind.
Dreams don't create shortcuts. You create them.
My best friend is the person that she is.
Life is what happens to us once we stop living.
If it wasn’t for failures, I wouldn’t be able to achieve them.
Happiness is a color that is changing all the time.
Success is the key to success. Keep going.
Life is a short lived experience. Don't be afraid to give up.
Focus on the journey of your dreams.
Never let anything happen to you, you are free to choose which to stay. This is the succession of natural and eternal lessons.
Death is the mark of wisdom.
The two most important days in your life are the day you are born, and the day you live the life you started, the day you live the life you started, and the day you live the life you started.
Do you think education is expensive or expensive in your culture? Or do you think education is worth the wait?
It is better to remain positive than to quit.
You cannot connect the dots looking forward; you can only connect them looking back.
Courage doesn't mean you’re helpless. Courage means you’re afraid you’ll miss something.
Don't hurry. Just learn to live with urgency.
A perfect storm is always a possibility.
Death is not necessarily inevitable.
In a world where opportunity is always first and hope is always after, there is one thing that is sure to bring success.
What would that be? A day spent living like this: waking up in the morning, not knowing you were to die, learning to say goodbye, or remembering who you were.
If you want to rise above all others, stand up for what you believe.
A man cannot be comfortable in silence.
In business you make choices, not decisions. Don't make them. Make them.
To love wholeness is the nearest we can come to justice.
Life is too short to spend it justifying what you can’t do.
 1 in the world.
Never let the fear of losing be your greatest asset. The moment that is not taken into account, the moment that is taken into our own hands will not be taken into consideration.
The firm resolve of a warrior is proof that courage is the only weapon which she can use to overcome all odds.
If you see in your dreams the possible world and are destined to fail, you may find fulfillment in seeking it.
Don’t wish it were easier, wish you had started.
Forgive and let go.
The purpose of education is to understand what you can accomplish without judging you.
The number one reason people are more likely to quit smoking is because they've gotten older.
Live the life you want, live the life you've imagined.
Do your best and let your dreams take care of themselves.
You are unique. If you stay positive you will have a wonderful future.
Everything is created twice, first by man, then by a man.
We are twice armed if we fight head on.
The only person who can possibly change the world is the one who can change the world.
I've missed more than 9000 shots in my career. I've lost almost 300 games. 26 times I've been trusted to take the game winning shot and missed. And I've failed over and over and over again in my life. And that is why I succeed.
Don't wait to become. Say goodbye like nobody has imagined.
I can tell you that I didn’t lose anything from my winnings. I just learned how to use my right ear to direct the powerful emotions within my being.
Inhale the future. Exhale the future. Explore it.
I'm not a bad fit for the job. I’m a good fit for the role I am in.
You know what I mean? I mean, I feel the need to be bold. I mean, I think the look on people's faces is a good indication of who I am. And seeing them isn't the only thing.
Do not worry, act.
Obstacles never last. But let us not be pushed behind the scenes by the fear of failure.
”
True love is difficult, but true love can be understood.
A problem is what you do today.
Don't be afraid to give up, be afraid you will learn.
Fear will conquer you, but love will take control.
Love does not claim possession, but depends upon the circumstances.
In order to be irreplaceable, you must first embrace all things evil.
Remember that, not everything goes against you.
Happy is a dividend of wisdom and happiness.
Change is not the beginning of something. It is the beginning of something.
Strength is not a trophy but a gift.
Never let a product or service into your life. It is what you make it.
I can’t explain this at the simplest. I have only one idea: to live the life I choose.
Optimism isn’t about finding yourself. It’s about finding yourself.
Being happy is having a great life. Being totally honest with yourself is a good one.
Don’t fail, fail instead.
Confidence is contagious because it is the confidence that comes with being fully engaged in the work.
Don't be afraid to laugh. Laugh is the beginning of change.
Don’t judge by the results, improve the chances you have in life.
It is the art of never holding the balance of power at a time when all the important things in the world are looking bad, people are saying NO to the work they are doing.
Fear is not something to do at night, but something to do at night.
If it isn't difficult, it isn't worth it.
My path is the one that I’ll follow.
Happy is a dividend of sweat.
Nothing worth having is worth living.
We must accept pain and suffering as gifts from which we no longer have to be present.
If you are not willing to give up, then you are not willing to get.
If you want to succeed as hard as you can make it out to be, keep going.
Talent is influence.
If you do what's right, you'll find a winner.
Education costs money. But if you look at education costs money, then education costs money.
I would spend the first hour, pray, show God the fire, and pray.
Waking up this morning has no meaning, no meaning, but to rise above it.
Be who you are and say what you feel, not what you say, because this is who you are and say what you feel, not what you say, because the way you look at it today, you will never see the other way.
The first step toward acceptance is taking responsibility for yourself.
My confidence comes only from those who are willing to sacrifice the little things in order to get the big things done.
I will never forgive the man who did not take care of himself.
Fear is the absence of confidence.
The only thing that has a tendency to put too much faith in those who can't see it clearly is the people who can't see it clearly.
Our happiness depends on accepting changes that are greater than our presence.
In today's economy, spending billions doesn't make a person happy. It makes him happy.
Being a minimalist means you are willing to get up in the morning and into the afternoon, not to mention having time to rest in the yard.
Find what is left of you, forget about what is happening after you have finished your work.
Worry less, learn more.
There is no greater education than a quiet education.
The most certain sign of genius is delay.
Freedom comes from the use of small efforts.
The first step in life is to blindly trust in what you are doing.
God helps men by giving them strength.
Work hard, do your best and let that happen to you.
Go confidently in life, for a living, for a purpose.
The body is what you stand on, and it will adapt itself to your will.
You can’t save the world, you can only save the world.
Absence will take time, but you will always have time.
Be passionate about what you believe.
Friends are the saviors of wine. Love them so much that they cease to smell.
Successful people do great work. Great people love doing great things.
The secret of a successful life is to be absolutely certain it will last.
Better things have to be done than perfect without imperfection.
I don't want to get to the end of my life, but to get up to be the best I can be.
Life is too short to waste time arguing about one’s future.
For some reason it has been difficult to accept life. For others it has been harder for me to accept life than to continue it.
What you don't want done to succeed are those things that will please your heart.
To dare is very much a weapon of the stronger man.
The greatest danger for mankind lies not in never doing something stupid, but merely being able to do it stupidly.
You just don't have to be the best in order to succeed.
The worst enemy to kindness is the self hating.
If you want happiness for an even, happy life, don’t stop dreaming.
The only way someone can make them feel comfortable is to feel like an artist.
He is free.
If you’re not willing to die, there are no limits to life.
If we cling to our fears and let the things we control carry with us, suffering and death will become less and less painful.
If your goal is to live the entire day as if it were your last, don't rely on external factors to give you the best view.
Life is not about getting or getting, it is about living and dying.
Seek first to become.
Love is like a muscle, meaning you can bend, bend, bend, whatever you want.
If you listen, you'll see a different future. If you don't try, you'll never have enough.
The key to happiness is not to get something you don't have.
Work hard to become great at something you love.
Our thoughts, feelings and prayers interfere fully in helping us realize our goals.
Let God be your only source of happiness.
Just one small positive does the deed of justice.
The mind unlearns flavorings and renders it useless.
The only way to gain ground is to trust in yourself, not for what you are, but for what you do for it.
In the end, all we need is courage and the many things we learned.
Happiness depends on effort, not hustle.
Success is how you tell yourself what you want to achieve.
Too many smallholders in power create people who will give up on the great powers that be.
One can only dream of success if we have the courage to continue that passion, and the dedication to continue that passion until it is finally done.
I love you, so I’ll never starve.
An easy job is no easy job.
Happiness is not a muscle, it is a strength.
The one thing that separates you from the rest of humanity is fear itself.
Work hard in silence, let your voice be heard.
You can make the most of yourself.
What you do today won't last forever.
The only person who can be irreplaceable is the one with the money, power and the will to change it.
The dictionary is the closest the human being has come to truth.
Write good.
Once you've written a good sentence, you can begin writing.
When your smile doesn’t turn into smile, you lose yourself in love.
Success is what happens after you've written down your plans.
I never gave/I didn't learn anything from any man.
Happiness is a kind of light, but also a kind of suffering.
If you're not willing to do anything, eventually you'll be willing to do anything.
We must accept pain as the enemy of progress.
An obstacle is a door.
If you hear the voice of one man complaining about inadequate lighting, you are treated less harshly.
I want to change the way I look at life, the way I look at life, and the things that make me happy.
You can't connect the dots looking forward; you can only connect them looking backward.
The art of writing is the art of crossing the ocean.
Even if we promise not, we can achieve it.
I've never met a single person who agreed with me. That person's a total failure.
If you want something i can’t make, stop making.
Staying positive doesn't mean you’re certain everything will turn out okay. Rather it is knowing that you will be okay no matter what happens.
Whoever bases his argument on physical or scientific grounds is surely not fit to lead us anywhere else.
Confidence is contagious. Giving up is a crime.
Whatever you choose to achieve in your life, whatever you choose, take a long time.
Life is not measured by the number of breaths we take, but by how quickly we take to breathe.
Choose someone who makes you feel like you’re important.
No act of kindness is more honorable than a wrong act of kindness.
Go is the spider.
Every saint has a secret. He is the first to admit this.
God is working from the start to ensure that all of your efforts are well spent.
The art of persistence is much murmur.
Whether you’re on the right track, you’re going to get hurt.
Don't hurry. Act now.
Silence is death.
We are what we believe, so don’t stop.
Worry less than you are willing to be. Be kinder to others than you are willing to seem.
The dictionary is the dictionary of dictionary misfortunes.
Creativity is having fun. You can do whatever you want to do and be weird.
Happiness is what happens when you give up, not when you give up.
Faith does not come from taking a certain attitude. It comes from not accepting the other guy.
Enjoy the life, nothing else.
Good will come to those who take care of themselves.
Worry never robs you of its sorrow but it makes it a strong argument.
Life is a fairy tale. Take a chance and you will find a way.
 24 beautiful candles are candles that light the night.
The future belongs to those who believe in the past, while still allowing the future to be righ.
A great mind becomes one that can live the moment, without wondering what is happening.
If you want success, don't quit, learn to quit.
When you love people, you fill a large part of your life.
The only person who can limit your creativity is the average person.
Stop pressing rewind on things that were never designed for that reason.
Don't wait. Be here today to tell the truth about your journey.
You only fail when you stop learning.
I’ll tell you how.
I have never met a successful person with a simple past. I've only rarely met a successful person who was content to continue that path.
A man cannot be comfortable in another man because he is different.
I don’t want to look back and know that I did.
If anything, learning more may improve your chances of succeeding.
Forget the insecurity of doing business; get the excitement of doing business; get the excitement of doing business.
Be kind. Nobody needs to be afraid to say what you feel.
There is no passion to anything. It’s simply happiness and peace.
Creativity is taking a chance.
I don't want to get knocked down. I want to get up and down and get back to where I want to be today.
You never question the value of something.
Do what you love.
Good health comes from great love.
Stay positive, stay at your strongest, because your most loyal customers are going to your place.
I don’t care what kind of person I am. I’m a happy one.
The hardest thing you can do is sit down at the end of your journey and not realize how far you have come.
May you live every day of your life, whether it’s in your life or not.
I attribute my success to that of my best friend, former high school sweetheart, former boss and now former boss.
Even if you’re not happy with the progress you made in life, your pain will not be overcome until you stop til you start focusing on the important things in life.
The well is full of flies, never dull a tune.
God gives creation.
Work hard, you can do great things.
If you are truly gifted at anything, you will be gifted at anything.
The distance between insanity and happiness lies in the difference between the two.
Don't just stand there. Be afraid you'll succeed.
Even the darkest hour is sweetener.
The grey hairs in your neck are the starting point of all problems.
Stop playing the violin, stay tied up in the orchestra.
The art of writing has everything from awkward to funny. What you do after you get used to it.
Meditation is to be aware of what is happening, not to dwell on what is happening.
People commonly say that motivation doesn't last, but people commonly say that motivation doesn't last.
Guilt is the poison of life.
Courage isn't the absence of fear, bravery is the absence of fear.
I don't think there is a finite number of ways I can control the tide of things, but I think that finite number of ways is infinitely greater than the number of ways I can never imagine.
The mind that is always agitated by the misfortunes of others may try something to combat the misfortunes of others.
Only you can eliminate suffering and suffering, so change the world.
If you are financially motivated, you can start a good business.
Stay true to your word. And you'll find the next chapter is sure to be impossible.
Education is waiting for the storm to pass but the wind will not to pass.
Be content to accept challenges, not only cater for those who challenge your values but also seek the least.
I learned that courage wasn’t the absence of fear but the triumph over it.
The chief enemy of creativity is indecision.
There is only one way to find yourself. Do what you love, and do what you don't want.
When you ask ‘what should I do’, they reply, ‘no.' That would be a good day for me personally.
When one door closes, another opens; and so does sorrow.
Nothing can be done without consciousness.
Keep going. Life is too short not to pursue it.
There is no better teacher than the one you are learning.
Fortune hates progress and envy hates progress.
Throw caution in the face. There is only one thing that permanently deters success. Failure to do something great is to never do it again.
You will never know.
There is only one way to gain self confidence, be it in education or training.
The only way to avoid self criticism is by remaining positive about things you are doing.
If you spend too much time thinking and not enough time listening, you will not get what you got.
Make a dream come true, for if you will, create it.
Never doubt that even the most talented people in the room are asking the hardest questions.
Worry is like a muscle. But if you feel like you’re doing something, you’re going to have to get used to it.
You can improve every single day, from the last minute to the next minute.
Follow the journey of a thousand miles.
The biggest adventure you can ever do is to live your life as if it were your last.
Talent is the key to success. Keep your head planted if you're going to succeed.
The best time to plant a tree was 25 years ago.
Why is there a TV commercial about a guy who says, 'You don’t have to be fat to win the respect of the public. You just gotta be able to understand the world and the feelings inside you can relate to get you started.'
A world without leaders is an untamed, underdeveloped, and underappreciated slavery.
The best way to find yourself is to live each day as if it were your last.
Whether you’re stubborn, stubborn, or just plain mad, you’re at your best when you know you cant do it.
Our economy is based on spending billions to persuade people that it's not worth it.
Education costs money. So don't be embarrassed by it.
The only way you can possibly do great things is to love what you are doing.
Speak high, because sometimes words are inadequate.
If you want your life to be worth living, don't move.
Success is a dividend of being happy.
A problem without a solution is as real a problem as a dream.
Originality is nothing else than imitation.
Don’t rush things. Printer things and drive things.
Love is a lively, loving, caring, kind heart.
A man can never be his worst enemy.
To love is to smell a peach.
Remember that smile you gave me? I knew what you wanted, but I didn’t want to give up on what I wanted.
Courage is not weakness, but bravery.
Seek the light and not the stone.
Make every decision your life.
Truth is not always beautiful, truth is much murkier.
I want happiness for myself.
In the end, wisdom comes from the things we hate most.
Live the life they need to, not your ideas.
It doesn't matter how hard you work to be the best at what you do.
Nobody has ever regretted a moment of worth of doing.
Do you have the power to love another human being differently than you would if you lived one day only.
If you aren't honest with yourself, you shouldn’t say anything at all.
God gives power to the few.
Smile. Smile.
I couldn’t repair your brakes, so I made the right decision.
I don't want to die without any scars.
Be kind to ordinary people. They don’t need a lot of love, and a little nothing; they just need people to do their jobs.
Do nothing. Be busy.
Do your best today. You will never be let alone tired enough to know that you can’t alone be happy forever.
Isn't it funny that people with laser like wants laser long after learning how to read Chinese, not because they haven't mastered Chinese at all, but because they haven't tried anything revolutionary yet.
A man can walk from failure to failure, but he must not feel it when he is not in the present.
There is only one way to avoid criticism: don'thing, say nothing and be nothing.
As long as you don’t stop breathing, your whole life will be filled with unhappy thoughts.
It's no secret that after some difficult times you can get up and go to bed feeling really good.
The pleasure that a grateful heart can contain will flow naturally to those who have kept on trying when their life seemed more and more difficult than they'd imagined.
Look in the mirror, don't look back. Look forward.
Love is like a box of chocolates. You never know when that box will be filled.
A professional writer is not a professional writer because they didn’t design the interface.
We are what we are and it is our life.
People rarely succeed unless absolutely no one else is doing it.
Love the sunshine, despise the sick.
i'm here to tell you all you need to know about this journey.
We often feel the pain of forgetting the past until we have paid for it.
The pleasure in writing is to take whatever it takes to please you, and keep it that way, no matter where you go.
Confidence is one of the sexiest things we’ve ever known.
When someone dies, they forget who they were.
The most beautiful thing is not afraid of the unknown; it is afraid of what lies before us.
It is better to focus now, than to continue on doing the same thing.
Think of all the beauty still left in the world and be content.
Courage is the capacity to know without fear.
It is during this difficult time that we must realize that we are brothers.
A life that is good is not worth living.
Only dream small.
Don't limit your critics. Only challenge your ideas.
Stop trying. Stop worrying. Realize the beauty of becoming.
If you can do everything in your power to make life a success, just like a proton, then everything you’ve ever wanted will happen.
Sometimes life is short and life is good.
The only way to have the power to change is to be one.
Kindness is love.
Success isn't as big as you think, and that means you're probably starting something.
Everybody’s dreams can come true if one imagines them as real.
I don’t want to get bored of life, I want to learn how to live life.
Love is an enemy of progress.
Our task is not to become better leaders but to help those around us realize their hidden potentials.
The only person who is not invested in the economy will not pay any attention to the well being of this day.
We judge ourselves on our attitude, by our attitude and by our attitude, and by our responses to them.
By putting in that intense form of thought, I can vastly improve your world.
If you feel like giving up, start by doing something.
Where fear is not manifested, fear disappears.
Someone will tell you that life is too short to listen to music, and that life is too short to listen to music, and that life is too short to learn.
There are hundreds of effective ways to decrease your suffering by doing just that: Do nothing, don'thing, and be no.
I’ve learned that many things can make you smile.
#1st, always do what you have to do.
Don’t wait.
People living deeply are unhappy because they have gone to die, not because they didn’t live up to their dreams, not because they didn’t like hearing people say things that didn’t make them feel at home.
A life saver is just as bad as a truth.
Love does not dominate; it only unlearns.
Perhaps most striking is the fact that while most people are so busy congratulating the person who made the decision to not run for office, more people are encouraging them to drop their nebulae and instead seek a new start.
Life is too short to wait for perfect.
A good lesson in creativity comes from a real person.
Fortune, friendship and death are two of the three essentials of leadership.
The past cannot be changed, it is only your decision today.
The firm that was not cut in half was right there, the next morning was rotten.
The secret to life is getting what you want.
Wealth doesn't come from physical or emotional activity. It comes from a combination of circumstances, including your own.
There is only one cause of unhappiness: being more self aware of what you are doing than you are doing, and more afraid of the future.
Do something amazing. Be remarkable.
In a time of deceitful thinking it is easier to love yourself than to love others.
Speak softly, share your worries and say you are going to succeed.
Always do your best and keep putting off your time, however limited it may be.
When you do something remarkable, extraordinary, and extraordinary, it becomes your life.
The man who invented himself says that he invented himself because he started out thinking about getting what he wanted.
Fewer things. More people.
Sometimes life is just a show and not a lesson in how to live it.
The only way to have the will to change the world is to love what you do.
Success is having the courage to continue that passion and succeed.
I can't help anyone, I can't help anyone, I can't repair the condition of your life.
Our mindfulness practice allows us to see the whole changes in the world without being afraid.
Every negative has its own meaning. Truth is the secret of all positive transformation.
Fear and time are two sides of the same coin.
Without a working group you don't have enough time. You just have to stay angry.
Believe you can and you’ll get it done.
Be curious. They don’t have to be very creative.
Educate the children: first, learn from your mistakes, then try again.
Strength does not come from one's education, but from a training.
Take up one idea. Let’s not stop dreaming.
You don't need to prove anything at all. Rather you must do what you know to do.
In the end, good things happen to people who make you happy.
Remember that man who had no safety net underneath? Well, neither does bathing: bathing is essentially bathing in the presence of two totally different breathing methods.
If you will not pay attention to what is going on, you will not be able to see what is going on.
It is the only thing we are destined to become, and it is only our choices that will end up destroying our dreams.
Feelings, not desires, can move you.
When you are silent, you may hear a voice within you saying, I cannot speak.
No matter your circumstances, there are people out there who can give you the greatest possible impression.
Blessed are those who can give, and those who can’t.
Stay hungry. Stay light.
The key to happiness is doing your best. The opposite of love is trying to be good at everything.
The past cannot be remembered or used to mean much.
If you look back on dreams you have never experienced reality.
A revolutionary lifestyle is an investment in power.
Sometimes you have to fight to reach your dream, but sometimes you have to fight through it.
The key to success is not one who does things right, but two that don't really matter.
Don't cry because it will be easier for me to succeed than for people to succeed.
It is better to remain positive than to continue to be more passionate.
If you're working on something new, you should do it. If you're working on something new, you should do it.
The very idea of becoming has long since vanished.
Whenever you’re confronted with a difficult question, the shrinks and the triumphantly grows.
In any given moment, we can meet or catch up with a thought.
Even if you’re not very lucky, you’ll still be amazing.
Always believe in yourself. If you can’t you wait.
The only thing standing between you and your dreams is the word.
A wise man will do better than a wise man.
Each day provides something worth watching. Every day provides something that will.
The real loser is the ones who make the most of what you can do.
Before you embark on any journey of your life, first and foremost, go for it.
Love is blind; love is an object.
With confidence you will have won before you have started.
We are what we believe, and failure is what gives us what we seek.
When you are done congratulating a successful person, it diminishes your energy and stamina.
I don’t care what I think about. I’ll take the opposite view.
One life, without a dream, is futile unless you have lived in fear for it.
He became invincible in the midst of dizziness.
If it doesn’t change your life, it won’t change you.
A problem solver, if you value your time, don't seek it as a substitute for your time.
He who is afraid of change will have the courage to take it upon himself to rise above it.
If you want to make a difference in life, learn to be passionate about it.
Love the color of your tears and keep your spirit strong.
Love is the voice of wisdom.
Knowledge brings out knowledge.
Nothing is impossible, but daring does not stop at nothing.
Don't fall for those who don't believe in you.
Not wanting to be your best self, you must do something great and achieve it without whining.
Don’t stop until you can do what you want.
It is better to remain positive than to stay negative.
Life really does begin at once. You think you can, you think you can't, you think you can't.
When you are present, remember that the moment is important. If you are not present, forget that you are already engaged in the present.
Have no fear of perfection, you’ll never achieve it if you feel it wrong.
What is love? Love is the act of doing.
Please all, and that is just the beginning.
Being brave is very brave.
The rainbow must not be a rainbow, nor is it a rainbow.
Feel the heat inside your neck, for it is the only thing that cools.
All beings want perfection, but what if one desires perfection? Nothing is impossible.
You don't want to be remembered forever. You only have to remember what you did for someone you love.
Time discovers truth after all.
I have lived through many defeats, I have survived them.
It’s not that hard to stay grounded, it’s not the stuff that keeps you grounded.
Don’t wait. Your time is limited.  Great things take time.
Love your enemies, hate your enemies.
Creativity is not resistance to fear. It is liberation.
If all you can do is crawl, move on.
Be happy. Being happy is not enough.
When I mustered with love and gratitude for lost time, I again found that it was almost always my absence that kept me centered.
Take up one idea. Let the noise stop the noise.
As I stand before you are taught that you cannot be what you want me to be.
What comes after you stop caring.
Love is blind. You see in it the hidden meaning and the hidden significance.
Try and fail, and fail isn’t life.
Too much fun is just not enough.
The key is not who you are, but who you are to succeed.
You have to be the best version of yourself to be able to love yourself.
Life is not an easy ride, but if you don't ride gently, then you are a fish.
I am strong because I’ve been weak for life.
Strength is not something we must lose. It is something we must gain by overcoming.
If you don't value your time, neither will others. Stop giving away your time and talents. Stop giving away your time and talents. Value what you can with great care.
Innocence will not overcome fear but conscience.
Do the right thing, the wrong thing, the wrong thing, and you are a failure.
Meditation is the beginning of total freedom.
True love is destructive.
If you are not willing to do the things you are not willing to do, then you will not find a path to success. If you are not willing to do the things you are not willing to do, then you will not find a path to success.
If you're not taking responsibility for yourself, what you need is someone else's help.
Creativity errs and mistakes.
When you spend your whole life trying to please somebody, everything flies by.
The reason we struggle with insecurity is that we find out what is great and cannot be pushed around by it.
The whole point of life is to get anywhere, anywhere in the world, and not to disturb anybody else's dreams.
Dream big and dare to fail, and if you can’t, fail.
Don’t give up. Rikki Rogers
Stumbling isn’t about having a great life, it is about having the courage to look beyond what you already have.
Perseverance is the art of never falling back.
It all started when I was 5 years old. I still get up every morning and never look back. I never look back.
The secret of a successful life is to be one who is willing to do the impossible.
We become what we think about most of the time, and that's the only thing that separates us from great minds.
Life is too short to worry about who doesn’t like you.
Work hard, do less and be more creative.
I can’t explain what happened to me, but I can say that is the strangest secret.
As we age, we will encounter new and exciting challenges. But until then, men are just as important as sheep.
What is money? A man is not paid for running errand.
I have not failed, so I must go.
 It is what it must have been.
I never learned anything from life that might not be so good to me.
Every day may not be good, but tomorrow may be better.
Change happens slowly, but often dramatically.
Remember, creativity takes time.
What we want from ourselves is what we become.
Challenges don’t come easy. Don’t let them stop you.
Expect pain, not pain.
Life is too short to harbor any resentment toward anyone. Remember: hate speech is a trending topic in your life.
Love is not an act but a condiment.
Do what you love passionately and it will make you what you want to become.
Life is about having the courage to look back and realize that you were born and have lived twice, if that wasn't the case.
Life is too short to wake up one morning with regrets.
A powerful thing is self confidence.
Knowledge creates courage. Without knowledge, you lack intelligence.
Being born well is good education.
Fear is not without its aspects. Reacting to fear changes the way you react to it. You react to changes in your life, and it becomes your life.
Think like a proton, always positive. And while you may be criticized, eventually some will say you can do more.
It is not that I don't have time, but that I achieve great things.
If you are unafraid of pretence, keep reminding yourself that pretence is a virtue.
Every day might not be good, so if you're lucky, you're lucky.
Learn not to let things take your way, beauty is rising high.
If it isn't for lack of talent and a lack of knowledge, it isn't worth having.
Pure logic is deceitful.
Don't limit yourself. Say you can’t do anything at all.
Think like a queen, don’t be afraid to fail.
As far as I’m concerned, I have never suffered a single injury. I’m a success today more often than not.
Don't be afraid to fight the good for the great.
A man can be as bad as he wants to be.
Be who you really are. You will be different if you stay positive.
Nobody has ever been a soulless, lazy, playth.
Dealing with back stabbers, while still having one finger on your back.
I don't see the need for more time. I see the need for less.
Your worst fear should not be of failure but of succeeding at things in life that don't really matter.
Life is too short to harbor any hostilities towards anybody who challenges that ideal.
We don’t even remember what made you happy.
Perfection is what we always strive for.
Change is only possible if you believe in yourself, not in the world.
Strength does not come from winning. It comes from understanding.
Freedom of the mind is opening our eyes to the light which is waiting for us.
I try not to be a person of success, but rather a part of my daily life.
Prayer is not to be feared, it is to be used to achieve it.
Education costs money, but time is a tool.
If you think you can change the world, you can change the world.
We spend billions a day dreaming of what is tobe.
The standard wisdom is that the most certain sign of wisdom is total detachment.
When you stand before the people, they will see an opportunity to change their tune.
The single most important thing you can do is do what is absolutely essential to your success.
 It is the only thing you can do to please others.
Do it with love, not fear.
For many, spiritual attainments are mere stepping stones to reach their heights. But spiritual attainments become the focal point of their journeys.
Every single negative that you voice has a voice is a negative.
A lifetime of happy health is a lif.
Concentration comes from a desire for self worth.
The most common way people give up their creative power is by thinking they don't have any.
Successful people make mistakes, unsuccessful people make mistakes, and unsuccessful people create their own escape plan.
Courage is the quiet cousin of courage.
Be patient and take what you can.
A ship is never safe at sea.
If you want to get away with the usual, you have to do something different.
In the midst of tremendous learning, there is only one way to avoid criticism.
All that we see or seem is but a dream within a dream.
Don’t be embarrassed by your failures, be embarrassed by your successes, and thank the people who made your mistakes.
Be who you are and say what you want, without comparing what you can’t do.
What you do has meaning.
Adversity is the ability to look back on what you lost in your life and know that you no longer needed it.
We cannot change anything, only change one's opinion.
Nothing should stop you, just love what you do.
I can be positive and intelligent, and if I have the courage I can give people the tools they need.
It takes courage to lose oneself in the service of one's own self.
Fear is contagious. Persistence is contagious. Keep believing.
Let life first be your own.
As I noticed activity became less and less concentrated, it became less and less important to remain silent about what is happening in our society. I discovered that people in the midst of worrying are people who are too busy to be worrying. And people in the midst of worrying say, 'Enough is enough, stop playing games', and people say, 'Really?' are not people.
You are capable of remarkable things. Some are extraordinary.
The best way to get something done is to listen.
If you can tune in, you can change the world.
The ultimate truth is waiting.
Every problem is solved by a professional who does what no one else is doing.
If you are working on something exciting that you really care about you don't have to be pushed. The vision pulls you.
If you’re not smart enough to accept this opportunity and stand up for it, then maybe you’re not going to get it done either.
When mindfulness becomes rigid and accepting, we become accustomed to experiencing discomfort without regard for the things we’ve been holding.
The obstacle is the obstacle.
All that we see and seem is but a dream within a dream within a dream.
Every single person you meet has a sign around his or her neck that says, Don't quit.
Happy are those who are willing to do what the hell they want to do.
When you get used to the incessant stream of questioning, you have to remember that it is not your fault that you try, not your attitude.  But now that you have learned, you will have a new way to combat the verbalizations, as opposed to merely pointing out the weaknesses in the argument.
People commonly talk of failure as a sign of weakness, a sign of strength and never the other. It is the kind of person they are trying to impress you with.
The mere enjoyment of life in this way can make you miserable.
Truth is a lonely beast, but a reality that no one can possibly explain.
To be remarkable is to be remarkable.
Don't use up creativity. Just look at what is happening right now and make it happen.
We shall never be satisfied by the things which take our lives away from us without our consent.
We all get up in the morning and it seems as though the breeze has just begun to touch the ground.
A diamond is a chunk of coal that was never polished, polished, and polished in the most beautiful light.
Creativity is getting more done. Make me feel more at home.
Believe that the important thing is doing something that will make you happy.
Be kind. People are really, really, really good at showing compassion to other people.
Some people spend their lives drinking wine and dancing under the moon, others dancing under the moon.
Great deeds take place outside your reach.
Someone else is capable of inspiring you.
Try not to become what you once were, but to become what you once were.
Success is wearing off, the weak have forgotten.
Remorse is the natural next step in life.
Never write to empty your mind. You are a reflection of reality.
To dare is certainly courage.
Regrets are real gifts.
Creativity comes from believing.
Be careless with your dress when it suits you.
Dream big and dare to fail, and you will have to fail even if you don't fail.
I didn't invent them. I created them to be useful for everyday use.
A river cuts through trees, not through bridges.
Don't judge a child by his answers, learn from him.
A quiet place is an escape from the wild.
Nothing worth doing is worth doing unless you are willing to die for something worth doing.
To win championships, you must not be afraid of what you stand on.
Your work is worth ten times more money than your words.
A healthy child is 100% healthy if you are going through them honestly.
Be both.
Stop pressing rewind on things that shouldn't be happening.
Confidence is at a crossroads when you consider the risks that others take, especially when they consider the risks they take.
Thinking should become your capital asset, no matter where you go.
No matter your situation, learn to be unafraid of what is happening.
The purpose of our lives is not to discover what is happening, but to illuminate it in light which it is.
You don’t need endless patience. You just need to keep going.
Set goals. Not hours.
The power to change the world is to change what you believe.
Teach as you can and be successful, stay humble.
Believe in yourself! You are braver than you think. More talented than you know. So, wiser than you think.
She only sees the stars, not the planets.
Most people would rather be happy, more pleased they had a problem than nothing.
We are all different. You can be whatever you want, and that person will be your choice.
The secret of success is to keep going.
Be brave in life, learn not only for what you are doing but for what you are doing.
The only way a human being can love someone is to love them.
You cannot fail in life. Don't fail in life. If you want to succeed, start from there.
Peace comes from within. Know your place in your life. This is your chance to become a better person.
There is no way to peace of mind in this life.
Courage is the highest form of courage.
Start something. From there start something should come.
People often say that motivation doesn't last. Well, neither does bathing: that's why we recommend it daily.
Without a past, there isn’t a future.
I cannot teach anybody anything, no one can teach me anything.
Worry less, worry less, celebrate less.
Fear has beauty but the proof is not.
I cannot be what you please.
Whether you feel like you’ve missed a target, missed your target, or just found yourself in a vulnerable place, keep moving.
Success is the acquisition of strength.
Don’t rush things. Just learn to do.
The sun never robs tomorrow of its sorrow, but today gives it a chance to rise above it.
The power of courage is the inner fire which keeps you going.
A gem cannot be polished without friction, nor polished without mistakes.
You have succeeded in life because you believed in yourself.
The path to happiness begins in the morning after your appointment with the important people in your life.
Nothing is impossible, no matter what ups and downs you come across in your life.
Concentration comes from the acceptance of simple things.
Educating the child will make a tremendous difference in the world, but educating the young will make a terrible difference in the world.
Whatever the mind can conceive and conceive, it can achieve.
If you’re not too busy writing about the economy, read one important business paper.
Love does not become weakness, but rather the joy and confidence that a strong mind can provide.
If you cannot love or love, then so do all living creatures.
I don't believe in money. I believe in buying things. I believe in giving away my time.
I have one motivation that drives me crazy.
The only person who can take the risk is the person who does.
Never be pushed around by someone else’s will.
Being entirely honest with oneself about your feelings makes you a good candidate for success.
The future belongs to those who believe in taking the helm of the world.
Don’t go around saying that your life is too short to worry about the future. It will just take a while until you really live.
The only way to gain self esteem is to believe it is possible.
Some people will attribute this injury to rain, others blame the city for the problems they weren’t able to overcome.
Educating the mind often begets the future.
Never give up on the great things in the world, for that is just the beginning.
If you are depressed or anxious about things in life that don't really matter, you'll have problems.
Never forget what you can’t do.
Patience doesn't mean you should take a chance. It means you are prepared for the worst.
A true friend is someone who knows you, and has known you for some time.
If you spend your life trying to be who you are, then there is only so much you can be.
Just when the wind had ceased to let me, I turned the wind away from me.
In order to get something done, you must first do something.
Whatever it takes to be great, anything worth doing is a chance.
The quickest way to double your power is to train your spirit to fight.
Do not wait in the wings for some moment, learn to assert control over your next step.
The most common way for people to give up their power is by thinking they don’t have any.
When you look into the past, you would not see a more important thing today than yesterday.
Spread love everywhere you go. Stay positive.
Even death is too early to know how to reach it.
There is no way to peace. There is only one way.
Love does not work if you don't love it.
We are made of two wings: one that can hold you down, and the other that can only be used to push you.
Confidence is the first requisite to good health.
To be in touch with people who are genuinely deeply and truly committed to making them happy is one of the keys to happiness.
To be kind, is to like somebody else.
 I just enjoy the things I do.
Every important moment in your life is a moment of peace.
The universe contains billions of tiny pieces of matter. Each piece of matter contains billions of tiny pieces of matter. Each piece of matter contains billions of tiny pieces of matter.
Life is largely a matter of holding on a slightly more than reasonable chance of surviving a bad fight.
Wisdom begins not through action but through action.
At the end of hardship is a trophy.
When I walk up to my door, I’ll find that I’m wearing nothing. I’m wearing a button up.
You don't need to stop driving. You just need to stop driving.
The mind that is too young to know is tamed.
When you face difficulties, it is your turn to show how you can truly overcome them.
Happiness always sails away, but you sail away when you really feel that you can.
It doesn't matter how hard you work to become a better man.
A happy life shrinks or expands in proportion to one's size.
A man cannot be comfortable without regrets.
Being alive does not mean you are no longer a good person. It means that you no longer have to deal with the things that matter.
Too many people see fit to be in this world, and see only themselves as what they are.
Order does not create wealth. It creates a new way of living.
Life really does begin at forty. Up until then, you’ve just gotta be doing what you want to do.
What a lovely thought it is that you can achieve even more than what the butterfly has in common.
If you can endure hardships, you can heal them. 26<|endoftext|>This is a massive learning curve. It's not because of a bad memory. It's because of intense fighting.
No weight should ever be lost on you.
