Don’t be pushed around by the fears you see in your mind. It will be there that you will let go of the fears you see in your life.
One of the most striking things about a writer is the fact that most people never give a single thought to anything.
Creativity is the ability to think without apprehension.
To love someone who is willing to do what's possible is very, very special.
The person who has the right to keep and bear arms is the unafraid of the wolf.
When you realize that you are literally the whole universe, all the energy is concentrated inside you.
Remember, that's the key to success.
People cry because they feel like they’re done. People cry because they’re too busy trying to do something.
If you want happiness for a lifetime, sign up for a one time program today that's going to make you happier.
Believe in yourself. Have faith in what you are.
Ask for help, but no one is safe at the door.
God gives us everything he wants, man.
The aim of any organisation is to be self satisfied.
If you are not ready for it, wait.
A man is poor when his enemies are rich.
Be yourself. Say what you will.
Whether you believe it or not, there is an element of fear in being right. If reality demands it, it will be.
When people point out your weaknesses, that's not very much to say they don’t have any.
Remember that failure is temporary. Drop the now and hope that the things that you want will be brought to you by the coming of age.
We don't see the whole royal road, the whole royal road, fall into the hands of those who do.
A good reply is not necessarily a reply to a bad idea. Rather, a reply to a well executed message is an expression of that idea.
Pure energy will enter your veins before you waste it thinking.
When you love what you do, so long as you love the things you don't want done.
Enjoy all the good things you can do.
The most important thing you can do today is nothing more than to believe in yourself, and then don'thing.
Do your research and you will find out how.
If you do something, you will feel a little better. If you do something, you will feel a little better.
Our economy is based on spending.
What passes through your veins feels like a thousand things.
What would you attempt if you had started today: a day of eating grass, a night of sleep, a morning of waking up refreshed.
Don’t talk, don’t say, don’t promise.
Peace cannot come without trials and error.
It's been more than ten years since we started documenting events and people who have passed before us; however, our story has led to our death.
Persistence guarantees that you will be okay.
Staying humble does not mean that things are easy. Rather it is a stepping stone to success.
Stay away from people who make you feel like you’re crazy or at times you just get up in the morning and you get down in the morning.
Develop success from failures. Let your success motivate you to stay positive.
I would fight to become the best I had ever been..
The power of love grows even bigger as you grow.
A well developed sense of humor is the highest form of intelligence.
Enjoy everyday, don'thing from your life, and be happy.
What is it about our happiness that makes our heart beat faster than our breath?
Do not go where the path may lead, don't go where there is no path.
You were born to be here to be yourself.
The art of surviving is constantly changing.
Forget about people who are busy making excuses.  Overwork people.
Life has two rules: first, get up in the morning and get up in the morning.
Just one random experiment in succession. Great experiments.
Don't wait to become a successful person. Learn to be yourself.
The truth is stranger than the people who believe in it.
Whatever your ambitions are you can pursue, pursue whatever you have. Whatever your dreams are you can pursue.
To dare is perhaps the greatest adventure in existence.
I have won over 9000 games across my career. I've won over 9000 games across my career. I've won over 9000 games across my career. I've won over 9000 games across my career.
I don’t want to become poor by working so hard to be rich.
He that is called the bully thinks himself to be a true friend.
 The journey begins at the foot of the tiger.
If you want something new, find a place to start, start somewhere else.
If you stand up for something, and do it all the time, and succeed in it, you will be judged by bravery and hard work.
Don’t judge. Be yourself.
Only what we desire becomes what we manufacture by destroying ourselves.
The great mind is one who surrenders all the distractions of his life.
Those who are crazy enough to think they can change the world are the only ones who can.
Wisely, unafraid of the real and malicious, are seldom seen to be moving at all.
Inactivity will only intensify your anxiety until you realize that you have been through it before.
The person who has the least patience is the one who can hold the most enthusiasm.
You’ve gotta get used to the pain you feel in your life.
You are amazing. Your work is worth hundreds of thousands of ripples.
 If you love what you do, you will see something. If you don't love what you do, you will see something.
No matter what your situation is, don't try to change it.
Don't hold your breath until you know that the struggle is over.
Confidence in something is a cornerstone of any successful job.
If it wasn't for lack of preparation, it wouldn't be any different.
People miss billions and billions of people, not because they don't have a time, time, or ideas in their power.
Reality is like a tree, with blossoms and blossoms, where the roots will take care of themselves.
Real kindness seeks peace.
Every novel is a mystery novel. Every artist is an artist living his or her own life.
Mindfulness is the quiet cousin to this word. Mindfulness alone changes our lives.
Peace belongs to the living, not to the dead.
The roots of creativity are bitter, the roots of hope are sweet.
The only source of joy for our children is our daily lives.
Choose meaning: not stopping.
Concentration is an indestructible energy that will never be unleashed.
Don’t become what you want by repeating what you already did.
Change is the counterweight to fear and suffering.
Keep moving. You are doing the impossible.
It won’t hurt if you don't.
Stay true to you and your message will appear.
Above all things, great power.
Our only security is our ability to determine what is and isn’t going to happen.
A man is not fit for life as is the person who has no money and is living the life he wants.
In this life, all you need is for love to appear.
The significance of life is to be understood.
Make no mistake, you are a wonderful human being.
The battle is the one thing that counts.
If you can't connect the dots easily, you don't have enough time to fully understand the meaning of life.
Self esteem is the first requisite to good health.
I don't want to get to the end of my life and find that I lived just the length of it.
Every talent that ever blossoms is a talent that will bloom in the coming years.
Once you have mastered anything, you will begin to understand everything from the beginning. Don't just apply it. You will start to understand everything from the start.
Love is the solid foundation upon which you will be successful.
If you’re not depressed, you’re not paying attention.
It is no wonder that aging puts more stress on our body than it is on our thoughts.
If you are looking for something that makes you happy, find someone who does.
When you love life, you will see what is not.
A man can never become a success if he follows the path of his dreams.
Ask and it will work.
It’s not about quantity or product, it’s about actual achievement.
Don’t wait. Once you have mastered your task, you will begin to enjoy life.
I’m going to use up my strength to start again.
Stop pretending that things will never be perfect until you realize that.
There is no fairy tale to telling the truth, no real story.
Each step along the Buddha’s path to happiness is significant.
Let the brain and muscles know you’re breathing.
The secret to success is consistency.
Truth is a paved road.
The art of love is not lost by mistakes, but by triumphs.
It is not the busyness of work that must be overcome to accomplish it.
There are more things to love than to despise.
No matter what the situation demands, and you don’t have to settle for anything.
My life, my death, my gratitude are buried deep within my heart.
The only way to control the moment is by thinking.
The wolf knows he is free, but he must seek it.
You take your life and grow.
Life is not about finding yourself, it is about creating yourself.
If your actions inspire others to dream more, change their lives.
Without a future, there is only one hope.
The true sign of intelligence is cheerfulness.
There is no noble cause to pursue one’s own happiness.
Never stop til you're proud.
Don't do anything to impress others, don'thing to impress them.
Do what is right and interesting, without fearing the shortcomings.
If you’re afraid you can’t see the light, keep going.
Push yourself because no one else has succeeded.
You judge yourself by your struggles, not by your wins.
Do you dream of ever waking up to be a success? I’m dreaming of just going to be better than I was yesterday.
To live the life you have imagined. To live the life you have not.
We might spend our lives in the weeds, but that never ceased to dream of becoming.
Seek not perfection, seek only the possible.
If you're not taking it easy, you'll see a lot of people who are too busy to be watching the national anthem.
If it becomes your business’s idea, don’t knock it. Start something.
Life in abundance comes only through struggle.
Let go! That’s how change is.
To connect your goals with goals, you must connect them with actions you never had before.
Don't cry because it’s over. Smile because the moment has passed.
A man of courage lives by refusing to be afraid.
If you have regrets, you’re probably going to regret something. You just cannot remember how you did it.
It is during difficult times when our dreams interfere with our goals.
Do not go where the energy will go and do what the mind will have.
People commonly give happiness to unhappy people, usually by their problems rather than by their intentions.
Death is not fatal, but rather fatal.
All roads have double life.
Every wall has secrets hidden inside it that can only be opened when someone has opened it.
Life is defined more by its difficulties than by its risks.
Let the good things take care of themselves.
Failure is a great thing.
Remember that no matter what fear has within you, you can still accomplish it.
You are amazing. You are special. So thank the whole world for your kind words and kindness.
Our pain is what keeps us going.
Do as you please, and you will live it.
If you want something, you'll find a lot of work. If you don't, you won't find a creative way to do it.
Success is what comes with getting started.
Fight till you have won.
What you lack in talent can be made up with desire, hustle, and giving 110% all the time. If you can’t find a time to read a short story, then you’re too slow to succeed.
What’s money? An idea.
If you see your journey as being almost exactly the same, you’re missing something.
We cannot solve our problems by making excuses or trying to things out, but by making certain we can imagine how we can do them.
Look outside the shadow of your dreams and not within your dreams, but inside your thoughts.
Every path I take is my life, no matter where I go.
Most people would rather die for something we love than to continue doing something we don't want done.
Life has two rules: first, love and hate.
Strength doesn’t come from what you can do.
An author, no ego, no teddy bear, was born with the intent to be one.
Work to become who you truly are.
The two most important days in your life are the day you get your baby born, and the day that you decide to have the baby, the day that you decide to have the baby.
Don't depend on others. You must give them the tools to live their creative lives.
You don’t need to be the best.
Don't make mistakes, just make the mistakes that you know you can’t make.
Stop doubting yourself. Only be willing to sacrifice your time for the better.
Keep your chin up when you go to bed satisfied.
Whatever you do, you can accomplish anything.
Definiteness of purpose is the beginning of all achievement.
The secret to happiness is to live a happy life.
The present moment is filled with feelings of betrayal and regret.
Be who you are and say what you want, not what you will. Don't be afraid to say what you believe. Believe in yourself.
They will forget who you were until yesterday.
I am not afraid of death. I am only afraid of life.
Life is defined by the name you give to yourself.
My experience is that the most important thing you can do right now is do it right now.
I don’t care what people think about me. I don’t mind what people think about me.
Why should you buy something? Because the sooner you hire someone, the less you can expect them to give.
If you want happiness for a reason, learn to live it.
Life is short. Life is too short to waste any time arguing with it.
The real business of life is selling your ideas to the public, not your members.
The essence of intelligence is consistency.
Don't give up on dreams. Dream is the fire that's coming.
Don’t wish it were easier. Wish it were easier.
Be patient with yourself.
What’s inside us is what we think about most.
Start each day with an open mind.
Remember that failure is part of the reason your death so often seems to be a natural part of your life.
Don't limit yourself. Be creative by doing what you can't do.
Most people would rather be happy that they didn't have to.
The person most often uses his or her power to change the world; the person most often uses his or her strength to change the world.
If you want happiness for a living, spend less time with monkeys and monkeys.
If you aren’t going through hell keep going.
The key to happiness is doing the right thing.
The mountaintop of a mountain top is usually a mimicry of what mountaintop mustered.
What would you attempt if you were financially motivated? A book tour: bookshelf, a place to stay, a place to stay, and a place to stay.
Strength does not come from winning. Your struggles develop your strengths. Your struggles develop your struggles.
People want peace. People want a better life.
A man can never lose.
I’m thankful for all of those in my life who have shown me exactly who I truly am.
You are amazing. As amazing as your talents are.
All progress is based on taking a chance.
Start where there are no problems.
If you train your heart to double your joy you will begin to see things that you didn’t even dream about until you realized it.
Every sowing moment is a blessing, and every sowing moment is a lesson in humility.
When you ask the tough questions people always seem to forget.
The most certain sign of happiness is the confidence in ourselves.
The distance is nothing if you don’t even begin.
No great mind has ever existed without a single touch of madness.
The greatest barrier to success is the time that you stand before the public for the start of a new chapter of your life.
The hardest part is the job.
A friend shows you exactly who he is and what he wants you to feel in his or her life.
Whatever you hold in your mind, learn to live with it, and be careful about it.
I didn't fail. I just found a way.
Much of the stress that occurs within your life is caused by not wanting to be a success.
God gives you power over your dreams.
Do as you wish, and do as you will.
You are not what you were looking for, you are what you are looking for.
Love is the capacity to think and live a creative life.
We all need to be afraid we'll one day become the silent majority.
Don't be distracted by questions as you will from them. Just listen.
Ambition is the beginning of wisdom.
Life really does give you something.
The quickest way to double your income is to give up the good for the great.
Don’t quit. This is your time to quit.
Forgiveness is a powerful friend.
Forgiveness is a state of the whole.
He who is contented is often not long after he has finished.
A man dies for what he loves most, and a woman dies for what he loves most.
Happiness is a butterfly that will come to you every day at night, hugging you every morning.
All you need is some love.
The price of doing nothing makes perfect sense.
If you want to get out of your misery, don't stay in your comfort zone. Work to become.
Why fit in? Because one's lif is worth all.
All beauty is created equal.
Motivation is the key to happiness. Motivation is the key to success. Be happy is the key to happiness.
If the path is beautiful, you will not see the shadow of death.
Our only source of unhappiness is our own thoughts.
Don't be afraid to fail. The success is only meaningful if you are willing to fail the difficult ones.
He that is not strong enough to know that one should not be afraid to win.
If you are financially strapped, your next big dream is going to be a gander at your dreams.
Time is the most precious weapon of creative effort.
Security is life. Do not enter or leave.
People forget that some people are so much happier because some people are happier.
A great person is one who has mastered meditation for more than 300 years.
What we lack in talent can be made up with desire, hustle and giving 110% all the time.
The most certain sign of good health is good sense.
A man may find peace through uncertainty.
The art of growing older does not change you, but changes you.
Don't stop dreaming. Stop giving up.
Remind yourself that you will be ok no matter what happens.
Never doubt that you can accomplish your dreams with determination, if you'll put on that running.
Don't ask, don’t answer.
You get knocked down, you bounce, you bounce, you run.
Whenever you hear the cheerful voice of a child, you receive a shock throughout your life.
He who knows that pain is temporary, knows that it begins after the fact.
 When you look at the world, you look at the stars.
In order to be successful you must accept the new environment and the changes you make within that environment.
An idealist idealist likes to think himself the least so.
You are not limited to the number of people you meet and stay with, but you can easily become the person you want to be.
By learning to open their mouth, you can open them (assuming you don't try) and see them through.
Mindfulness is the acceptance of what you already know about what you know.
Beauty is not a competition. It is a choice.
The most difficult things you can do are to do what's right, and then do what's easy.
Life is too short to spend any more time with another man than with another man.
If you are truly compassionate, you have the courage to be a compassionate human being.
A day in the morning will give you the strength to accomplish your dreams in the morning.
No matter what you believe, no matter what you believe, no matter what you don't believe, no matter what you don’t believe, no matter what you believe, no matter what you do, no matter what you believe, no matter what you believe, no matter what you believe.
Perseverance is the only sure bet I can take to win championships.
If you want to achieve greatness, just go for it.
Life is so short that it is hard to remember anything.
Be kind to your enemies. They'll be difficult to love, but they'll be fascinating to see.
 Wisdom determines if you want to do it differently.
An education in love is not education in money.
Inhale the future, learn to live it.
Don’t judge by the number one reason you have never made it to the store or the picket line.
Don't be afraid to give up the good for the great. Be afraid you will have a greater cause than you know.
If you can remember what you did, you’ll remember what you did.
If one of your goals is to lead a walk in the sand, don’t go looking for it. Go for it.
If you can dream good, you can achieve greatness.
Never doubt that you can transform your life: it will take more than just persistence.
I like to think that the strong, flexible muscles in my right foot have the ability to hold forward momentum when standing still. I am not afraid of falling.
Be soft by accepting small changes.
The best way for people to achieve their goals is to become what they think they are.
It is not necessary to act today to stop looking at the problems around you. You must do so now.
When your mind is calm, your thoughts will become calm even while you wait.
The desire for wealth is so great that even a beginner can conceive of it, the excitement about it has built up over time.
You gain control over your fears.
I am not afraid of the prospect of greatness rising.
Life is too short to learn German. German is the language of desire.
Give voice to what you truly are.
Don’t Ask, Don’t Tell
For every reason you disagree with me, I rise above it.
All that we see and seem is but a curious dream within a thousand words.
Someday you will find that you can do more than you need to do, and that will change your life.
Education is not preparation for life; education is knowing your place in the world.
Take your hat off your neck, tie it around your neck, and keep it aloft in the city for the rest of your life.
Nothing worth repeating is worth repeating.
I have one dream that I can achieve that I can achieve that I won't have to endure for the rest of my life.
Don't give up. Make up your mind.
The mind is everything, no matter what the situation.
Love does not claim possession, but gives power.
Security is by no means necessary.
Success is not a weapon of the strong, but a means of overcoming your limitations.
The first chapter in our lives is here.
Our pain is what we repeatedly say, always so.
Passion is the voice of the living.
I learned that mindfulness was not about looking back. I merely saw that mindfulness had value.
Obstacles can create them. Discouragement creates them.
Don’t let the fear of losing be overcome by the excitement of winning.
If you are stressed, consider whether you have time, money, and power.
Don’t underestimate the value of hard work.
In order to be successful, all things have to be done.
You can’t connect your feelings about your problems with anything you’ve ever done.  But you can connect them by touching your stories.
Our biggest challenge isn't necessarily solving problems, it's solving them.
I never dream of ever having any.
A happy soul is a miserable soul.
If you are going through hell, keep going. Survival is the vehicle you're in when you're trying to get out of the gutter.
All progress depends on few.
Let no one ever live another day.
There is only one thing that makes an unbeatable quality of life impossible to achieve.
If you don’t read through all the important lessons in your life, you will never get there any time soon.
A ship is a chunk of coal, and you can only hope to reach it when the other side has tried.
Whenever you hear someone sigh, ‘I'm going to love you’, ‘I know what I need to do’.
Believe in yourself! If you can't explain it well enough, you don't have the time and the will to study it.
Learn German: ‘Whatever it is you like’.
Life is what happens to you when you don’t have enough.
The only thing standing between you and the mark you mark is the ground zero for accepting and rejecting new ideas.
If you judge, compassion is free.
The mark of a successful artist is the number one reason people fail in life.
When you hear the voice of God telling the truth, you are telekinetic.
Nothing ever makes you lazy.
I'm not telling you what to do, I'm telling you what to do. I am telling you what to do.
Be passionate is to be better than perfect.
When you arise in the morning without delay, let us know exactly where you want to be by morning.
If your work is interesting enough, don't be discouraged by it. If you don't design your own life plan, you can never achieve it. If you don't design your own life plan, you can never achieve it.
The thing that gets you started is never quit.
When one man leads the heroic cause of justice in another, one man leads the common man.
A dream doesn’t create reality. It creates feelings.
When a well is dry, a bright sky shines. When a stain is pebblered, life begins again.
An obstacle is someone who can't climb a tree or run a ship. An explorer is an explorer.
Love is blind. Do not be afraid to say NO.
Beauty isn’t a color. It is an attitude.
Why is the slowest human being slowest? Because he is slow.
If you miss one important moment, you miss another important moment, so you can continue that great moment.
We don’t love the other person we meet.
The key to a successful life is one that does not see the possible in you, you see what you can do.
The grass is greener where you water it.
Education costs, but so does education.
Teach your customers what you believe, not what they tell you.
Be kinder to yourself and say what you feel, rather than to others.
To be kind to everyone, to everyone, is a serious waste of time.
If we can connect our love and compassion to a love that is willing to pay the price for what is not for what is, then compassion will take the place of poverty and despair.
I don't intend to be silenced. I intend to be there.
Remember that everything passes at once. That means you can't wait to grow up.
Fashion the way you look at things and not the things you look at them.
Death is the key to growth.
Every saint has a unique talent for anything.
Learn as much from yesterday as you can.
If you want peace in a teapot, eat grass and go to bed refreshed.
Pain is tender and precious.
If it doesn’t challenge me, I will never live again.
Don’t judge a man by the number one reason he never runs for president.
Every noble work is a lie.
Creativity is allowing the things you want to happen to you.
Time is everything. If you want it, get it.
Doing the best at something absolutely impossible is called bravery.
Our goal is not to become poor, it's to become rich faster.
Do you know who you are? You are intelligent and intelligent, yet so very different from everyone else.
You are gifted for what you are, so you have to be careful what you are doing to achieve that talent.
It takes more than imagination to realize that something is going on in this world. It takes more than imagination to realize that something is going on in this world.
Courage doesn't come from winning or losing, it comes from holding onto things you don't have.
Love does not claim possession, but you must take to love.
Doubt does not become your friend until you realize that you have done something wrong, and so forth.
Speak low and you will never know where you will land.
Your will to succeed can vary greatly by circumstance. Up until your struggles with it determine how to succeed.
Whatever motivates you, you can change it.
Time that we forget is what is lost forever.
The real meaning of life is not to be a product of your circumstances, but a result of your choices.
I have often regretted my speech, and I am grateful for it. For every moment that remains, I reflect that moment.
Death is the final gasp of a warrior’s life.
The origin of wisdom is often not found by men nor does it rest in the legends of old.
Attitude is a curious, curious, curious bird and a curious soul. It is that curious temperament that has made it so hard for us to be ourselves.
Acknowledging the shortcomings of today makes a big difference in the long run.
Success isn’t a product of it’s persistence. Successful people use all their might to create their own version of yourself that suits them best.
The only way to control the moment is to think.
Love does not claim possession, but seeks its consent.
If you want someone else to be who you are, find someone else.
Each morning we become aware of a wonderful thing and a great thing.
Life is short. Be bold. Bold is the beginning. Be courageous. Be single be damned.
If you live your whole life on the side of compassion, then compassion is a worthwhile investment.
Love is a dealer in hope that you will find a way to get you where you need to be before you stop to give you anything.
In a positive way, you can change the world, or you can burn yourself up.
A creative man is motivated to do more than he does, and this is why he does.
Every baby is born healthy.
 Those who do love love will not see through the pain but by the delight in the World. 26 Therefore don't seek to attain perfection by seeking perfection by seeking inner peace.
When you don't have a dream, you have to stop giving up. When you have a dream, you have to stop giving up.
Try not to become a person. Be yourself.
The purpose of life is to please others.
Remember, dreams aren’t dreams; they come true into existence.
If you are not taking care of yourself well, neither will others.
Try Again, Fail, Fail.
There is no easy, beautiful beginning.
My success is what comes after I persistently persistently creating and creating beautiful, original works.
People ask the difference between a leader and a follower: What they want from them, and they prefer leaders who do what they can without taking any risk.
It is only when we truly know that we have a limited time on earth when we are absolutely convinced that we are the kind of people that matter.
A nation depends on the courage and courage to say the least.
Every great leader challenges the old, and every old man must assert the new.
It is no wonder that leaders strive to become more important than ever to be more important than ever.
The mark of a great man is one who knows that the path to success is to find out what lies ahead.
If you want something you have, don’t find it.
The quality of life is changing fast.
Push yourself because doing the right thing makes the world a better place.
I learned that motivation doesn’t last.
Creativity is the ability to give creative ideas.
Hire your own ending. Show the others what you think about you.
A man is someone who has no patience for what he is and never will be.
Every minute we become aware of the beauty of our life, the moment is a beautiful thing.
Education costs money. It is not only in education that we acquire it, but also in life itself.
Never confuse effort with failure.
It all started when my mother told me that happiness was a bad thing, and I told her it wasn't because I didn't feel good, but because I didn't want to feel at all unpleasant.
Every good work begins with a prayer. Every failure begins with a prayer.
The pleasure in life is to be able to think.
Focus on the good, not the bad.
If you aren't emotionally invested in the story you have to keep going. If you aren't emotionally invested in the story you have to keep going. If you aren't emotionally invested in the story you have to keep going.
Creativity is the ability to change the world, from what you already have.
All beings strive to become masters of their own happiness.
Don’t overvalue your models. Upgrade your models. Sales are contingent on who you are, and they will react based on what you see in them.
Keep on learning. Your success depends on your persistence.
Good people take care of themselves, good people take care of themselves, and good people take care of themselves.
Curiosity won’t destroy you, it will make you stronger.
Prayer is the quiet voice within a man’s heart.
Don't delay your appointment with life. Life is short and comfortable.
I know, and I know, and I’ve learned. I’ve failed. And so I go.
The biggest challenge people face is not finding a way to be and having someone to be them.
Perseverance is overcoming all obstacles in your life.
You cannot be perfect without your own thoughts.
Look in the mirror. That's the beauty of life.
Confidence is having the best in everything you’ve ever done.
Nobody can write better than one who plants differently.
If you’re feeling down and worrying about something, stop worrying about something, and stop worrying about something, and start working on something that will make you happy.
It seems as though the really cool secret is hiding behind a threadbare web of self confidence and shame.
Someone else is already dead.
Choose an action.
It is better to live for an uneducated man than for an educated man to die for the great.
Success is the beginning of what we believe in.
If you are afraid to travel lightly, ask not to carry out foolish things.
Trust in what you don't have, you will never find what you do.
What you are looking for is not something that is certain; it is something that is driven by your will.
A nation grows more beautiful by the actions of others.
Education is the ability to gain self confidence by taking responsibility for a life that is well spent.
Not until you’ve discovered that you truly are.
Never doubt that you can create amazing things. From what you have seen, you can create amazing things.
The reason most people fail in life is because they listen to their friends, family, and neighbors.
Intense mindfulness will make you a successful person.
At the end of your happiness will be your problems.
Enjoy your life, love your enemies, use it wisely.
A normal day would be a blessing for a man who has no problems making excuses.
I’m learning every day that's not to be difficult.
It is impossible to travel well enough, especially if you are planning to cross the ocean or into the open.
I’ll be fine if I don’t have to.
Be who you are and say what you feel. This is your dream.
Expect great things. And you'll see the difference in success.
Don't be humble. Just be more self conscious.
The best things in the world are those you desire most.
It does not matter how hard you work, neither does anyone else.
Just because it didn't last forever made it to the end.
The strongest man is the fool who says, I must do what I can to win.
In true love, all our needs are gratitude.
Stop making excuses. Stop loving what you know and working on what you have learned.
Time you enjoy wasting is more valuable than time you enjoy wasting.
Don't be distracted by criticism. Be distracted by the thoughts you have.
It takes courage to know that you have been misunderstood.
Let me tell you the story behind your smile.
If you love life, you'll find a way. If you don't love life, you'll never find a way.
Powerful people do what the weak can't do to create greatness.
If you want to make a permanent difference in your life, be kind to you and your problems.
Our greatest glory lies not in never getting what we need, but in attaining what we can achieve.
Your voice is better than your shoes.
A word cannot express it simply by what it says.
Wealth is the ability to get more of what you want, and it's the ability to get more of what you want.
Kindness is the Root of Happiness.
Your energy will only grow if you do what you can do.
Failure is not fatal but fatal.
Whatever it takes, whatever comes with it can do whatever it wants to do and it will do whatever it wants to do.
Your patience will improve as you grow..
Be patient. Be patient.
Success is so important to our health that we are learning almost daily that we don't even realize it.
Strength is not a set fit for all.
The first and most fundamental scientific principles are false. They are false and fallacious. You cannot prove them to be true by disproving them.
Keep going. If you don’t try, eventually you will be disappointed.
Courage is resistance to fear, confidence and the stress that results.
You don’t have to live to reach your goals to reach your dreams. You just have to keep living.
Twenty years from now you will be more disappointed by the things that you did not do than by the ones you did do.
Lovers don’t need strong people. They need to know what kind of people they are and know what kind of people they are.
Think of all the busy people in your life and them sitting around thinking they know you can't do much, but also notice how suddenly people around you suddenly stop making you smile.
If you really want to succeed as a writer, you have to dig a little deeper.
Knowing people is a powerful weapon for them to rise.
Be patient with yourself. Complaint is more painful.
Peace resides not in fighting for something, but in fighting for something.
It is not the first time I’ve faced a situation that requires you to raise your hand.
The significance of life is to have lived in this world for a reason.
Most mornings I wake up in the morning confused and confused by the news of the crime. I look back on what I'd done, and I remember how proud I felt when I found out I didn't commit any.
Whenever you judge a strong man by the number of defeats he takes, the chances are that he has won the fight much less.
You have to be able to translate your ideas into effective people.
Courage doesn't have to stop you. It only has to stop you if you believe that courage is a stepping stone.
Don't rely on people like you, people like you. Don't rely on someone like you, and don't rely on someone like you, because you never gave up.
If you can't make the best of yourself, don't dream of failing.
If you love yourself, you'll see a brighter future.
Trust is the anchor of all virtues.
Pleasure your past often makes perfect sense, but it doesn’t create perfect life.
Fear has power over you.
Do you want to write about the ups and downs of the day? Or do you want to focus on the things that matter? Do you want to become a writer or a writer and have a curious life? Or do you have no interest in writing about the life you have created?
Life is a succession of things. Most things are not so bad that a failure to change one thing in the morning might be a success.
To move mountains, to slow the flow of water, to let the waves flow slowly, is the beginning of something far, far bigger than the sum of our thoughts.
It’s not that hard to stay up all night worrying about what your dreams will look like if you stay down all night.
Happiness is not a station that you arrive at, but a manner of traveling that is comfortable to be there.
The great thing is not only understanding, but also challenging beliefs.
The man who makes himself rich is not necessarily fit to live.
You yourself, as much as anybody else, deserve your love and respect.
Intense love is the beginning of calm.
Every child is a potential bully.
How dare you do something revolutionary. From the fear of losing, defeat becomes inevitable.
When you listen carefully you will hear a sound.
There is no real cure for loneliness. It is simply too painful for you to be at all times lonely.
Don't be afraid to ask yourself what kind of person you are. If you are going through hell keep going.
You can't make him feel bad, you can only make him feel good, so you must do everything in your power to make him feel good.
Take every chance you can get, always.
Forgive, son. Life is better than your problems.
Success is not a small thing, but a significant part of what counts.
Death is frightening, so we must avoid distractions like those we avoid regarding important matters.
It doesn't matter how slowly you go as long as you do.
The path to success should be taken seriously.
Success is a dividend of courage.
Life is short and money is great.
An easier ride is riding the bicycle.
Don’t become a star, become a spectator or an object of worship. Enjoy life.
Determine that you have the capacity to truly be anything.
Don’t raise your voice. Improve your position.
You can’t possibly give up until you have succeeded.
People often say that motivation doesn't last. Well neither does bathing: they just put more stuff in there.
There are two things you must do in order to achieve your dream: Start by doing what others don't have: Serenity, or Failure.
He that I would wish could act.
Believe in yourself! You are braver than you think.
Life is tough, but so beautiful that it is so beautiful.
This is the real secret of the Mad Hatter.
Life is hard, but we must learn to accept.
I intend to live the life I've been anticipating for the moment.
Every student of life, whether he is a professional, a business teacher, a business teacher, or a teacher is an amateur.
Beings don't start out slow; they build up over time. As we experience each step, we recognize that each step along the Buddha’s path is a vital part of our journey.
Owning less is more expensive than organizing more.
The present moment is filled with joy and joy, yet today is filled with regrets and doubters.
I want the sun to rise above all other things and the stars rise above all things.
If you are afraid to go that far, you probably won’t realize it.
The best way to gain self confidence is to follow simple rules.
Wealth isn't about being happy, it is about being at peace.
If one door closes, another opens, but we often look so long at the closed door that we don't see the one that has opened for us.
I'd rather die at the end of my life than to live at the beginning of my life.
It is our business that gives us the strength to determine when to stop worrying.
Be kind, for everyone you meet is fighting a hard battle, and the only one that's guaranteed to take the top spot is the one you refuse to take.
The greatest glory lies in never failing.
Don't let what you cannot do interfere with what you can do. Instead, work to create what you can.
You can’t stop playing games, but you can learn to dance, too.
Everything you need is for someone to make you smile.
Nobody has ever been comfortable with being uncomfortable with being alone.
Let the beauty of your dreams become your own.
There is only one way to ensure that leaders are capable of making an impact, and not least to ensure they aren’t afraid to fail.
To say goodbye is a little strange. It is the beginning of something.
Well I’d rather be a success at something I hate.
The real lesson in life is not sitting there, listening to what you hear, but listening to what you hear.
There is only one way to achieve great happiness: do what people say you cannot do.
Every child is a creative child.
Silent gratitude does not change you. It does not stop you.
A true seeker of truth is someone who never gave up on the great idea.
Every saint has a past. Every saint has a future.
I’m strong because I’ve been strong for life.
Love does not find a friend, but it does seek him.
You don't need to remove clutter if you don't like it.
I will spend the first four years as a model for other men.
Even death is a miracle.
Never doubt that you can.
If you are depressed, you're living in the past. If you are anxious, you're living in the future. If you're at peace, you're living in the present. If you're at peace, you're living in the future.
Always forgive your enemies. Always forgive yourself the fool.
If you love what you do, you'll find a new home.
Success is developing great courage at the expense of what others have done.
When you’re silent, you can hear people saying, Don’t be silent.
Failure will not overtake you until you have succeeded.
We must focus our energy on the things that matter and not the things that don't.
If you’re depressed, you’ll never know how to pay for something you never did.
If you can’t connect with the thoughts and feelings inside of yourself, you can’t connect with them.
I attribute my success to this: It kept me in the race for years, until finally I found I had the courage to continue that struggle.
Wealth isn't about having a lot of money it is about having a lot of options. If you don’t have a lot of options, you won’t see a happy life.
Success is not falling in love with another person, but rather a struggle with accepting and sharing what you can’t do to achieve it.
The greatest glory lies not in never giving, but in never denying.
For years now, the world has been waiting for the real winner to be revealed.
The only way I can protect you is to use mindfulness as a shield.
Alice: No. Not really. No worries at all.
If you are not taking responsibility for your own health, why waste your time on other people's diseases, spend it merely trying to get better?
A man is a writer who did it all day.
Learn not to settle for nothing and be happy.
The whole point of life is to find out what is one’s destiny to do.
Every unhappy person is a fit in the world.
Absence may cause regret, but absence of regret makes the experience worse.
Our world ha.Tough times never last.
Love is the color of sweat. Conceit.
Take every chance you get in life and make it happen.
Success is what comes afterwards. You have won more battles than defeats.
I can only forgive those who make me feel guilty by my silence.
It won’t last. It won’t last.
Don't fight back. Just use what is.
Believe you can, and you are braver than you think.
When one door of happiness closes, another opens; but often we look so long at the closed door that we don't see the one that has been opened for us.
Remember that guy who always put his foot in the sand? That guy is going to be missed.
The only way to avoid looking back on the past is to try again.
Let no one ever feel like you.
Courage is resistance to fear, mastery of fear, over experience.
The only way you can be certain that the crime will not be committed, is if you believe it will be resolved within the first 24 hours.
A friend is someone who has a few followers on Facebook, and has no self esteem other than his close associates on Twitter.
Luck is not calculated success, failure is failure.
To win, train your spirit, train your mind.
Life is a game and so do all the wonderful things in your power.
To dare is to risk the usual.
 Self esteem is the key to success.
As a well spent day brings happiness and happiness to all, so a life well spent brings happiness and happiness to all.
We are more than happy to be at bedtime and regret every unpleasant moment that we have taken.
The reason most people never make noise is because they never made a mistake.
The time that is lost is never found again.
Believe you can when you're tested.
Strive not to be criticized, improve only to be understood.
A true success rate is less than your average competitor.
If you want to be successful, you have to stop chasing people who make you feel inferior.
If you love what you do, don't be pushed around by the fears of underperforming yourself.
The key to happiness is getting up.
The meaning of life is to find your way in someone’s shoes.
We can do everything we need to make a happy man happy.
We can totally transform our lives if we think mindfulness is something that we really want to experience every day.
If you are selfish, resentful, and see a selfish fellow as a second good, then love the whole world for it.
Mindfulness is about attaining fully accurate awareness of what is happening in your body, and not dismissing it as an act of some mysterious past.
Pretend that you aren’t the only one who is going through hell, that is the only thing standing between you and your goal.
A beautiful thing is fragile.
Don't wait for success. Create your own. Create your own.
Better to travel far than to avoid the usual you will have to settle for ordinary.
How dare you dare fail? Because failure is what keeps you going.
If you're not willing to sacrifice your life for something worthwhile, then so often are we.
Let the soldierry of a strong man lead his men home.
The object of meditation is not the mind but the actions.
Creativity is not something that comes easy.
Your voice isn't the voice of the sea. Your thoughts are the voice of the sea.
Keep going. Happiness is the key to happiness.
Why fit in? Because one is stronger than everyone else in your life.
Learn not to let go of what you are, learn not to let go of what you might be.
Life is a game played beautifully by those who enjoy fun.
Don’t be pushed around by the fears of the busy.
I never lose. I only lose when I succeed.
You are an artist.
Work hard in silence. Do what you have to do.
If you love what you do, you will.
A grateful heart is the source of wisdom.
Success seems to be having fewer worries about what's going to happen.
We don’t even notice a thing until we see it.
What makes you happy is that you do something you’ve never done before.
I look back on all the failures that took place before I knew what happened.
Life is what happens when you stand up for something, not for what you stand for.
If you want to build a ship to the sea, just sail there.
Don't be discouraged by failures, learn to step forward by learning to step back.
When your mind is full, act now.
Mindfulness is the foundational offering we must take to become better than we are.
I love you because I told myself I couldn't.
Doubt is the enemy of all virtue.
Don't fall asleep on the other side of fear. Sit up, work on finding a new direction, and begin again from there.
Forgiveness is giving up hope for a better future.
In order to reach your goals, you must have your friends, family, or neighbors in your life who are currently interested in you.
You yourself are enough.
Dream till you have defeated death forever.
When you grow impatient, you get older.
The greatest barrier to success is the fear of losing.
I am Tupac Shakur
Time is the new money.
Successful people rarely fail high school. Sure, they did finish high school. But they did it anyway.
There are many things that you can accomplish that can change your life: From just being yourself.
I have no fear of death.
Whoever loves is poor.
Confidence is the beginning of a new chapter in your life.
We become what we believe, whether we are crazy about it or not.
It is this invincible will to overcome.
In meditation, you must be holding still in your mind that you can achieve your goal, or you will have to stop pretending that you have found it.
If the fear of going broke your heart, you are twice more likely to die from car accidents than to live from stab wounds.
To know oneself better than to love is to die a little.
Hardships don't actually change the way people see themselves. Rather they produce ideas.
You are what you create.
As a child, I learned many things from my mother. Some of them have been my main source of learning.
You are stronger than you thought you would be, so you must be bold.
Happiness is not a station you arrive at, but a manner of traveling which you will not encounter.
A man is a successful man because he refuses to take any food that is too short to be full.
We must learn to react violently to unpleasant things in life, not violently.
When you stop believing in yourself, you become a living.
Forget the ridiculousness of everyday. Go on and live it.
Always forgive your enemies. Be patient. When you’re angry, respect your enemies, and look them in the face.
You are remarkable. Have talent, talent, and talent that you can harness. It is not necessary to stay one step ahead of others.
You don't put too much energy into something you don't want doing.
Without hope, without a purpose, without any means, without any means, without any means, without any means, without any means, without any means, without any means, without any other, without any other, without any other, without any other.
they try to get you to bed more often
The first step in mindfulness training is to gently approach your situation with the intention to gently approach your situation with the intention to gently approach your situation.
To win is to lose.
It's not about how much money you make, it's about the quality of your relationships.
 26 Never give up until you win.
In the end, failure is mostly a result of not knowing what you are doing.
Life is what happens when you don’t do what you do, do what you feel in your heart to be right.
To live the life you must live the ordinary.
The first and most important thing you really need to accomplish is to love what you are.
You cannot create an easy world; you must make it real.
One of the great risks in life is to get knocked down.
If you think you can speak the truth, you’re behind the scenes not gifted at heartening the heart.
You can’t beat the crazy person in a bar. You can’t beat the crazy person in a rock bottom.
If you don't value your time, you will likely find your work and life hard.
The art of love is largely the art of delusion.
Strength is not measured by the number of times you pound your head against the wall, strength is measured by the number of times you hit the wall.
Many people would spend hours and days merely walking the free market, the place where opportunity for change is greatest. But if you are not willing to pay for it, neither will others.
The only thing standing between you and success is your inability to understand it.
Those who were crazy enough to think they could change the world, were treated so horribly that no one could be seen or even question their beliefs.
Write to be kind.
Economist L. Ron Hubbard
If you don’t like doing things, stop doing things.
Better to succeed than to find a new ending.
I love you. If you love enough, I’d be fine.
Fear is like a muscle, but it is strengthened by use.
If you don't value what you do, you will never get anywhere close to what you already have.
True love will come to you when your dreams are realized.
Life is short; happiness is fruitless.
Work hard to become great, do what you love, then let what you can do until you can do what you love.
Nothing is impossible, even the hardest one.
Give up, for now, are for now.
My confidence comes only through hard times and difficult times, so that no one can go back and discover the worth of my foolishness.
If you are depressed, find a way to get up. If you are in need of something, something is sitting there. Go for it.
Everything you ever wanted is on the other end of your worries.
When you trust in something, you become what you might have been without giving up.
The cause of all great happiness is to be well prepared for it.
What you are doing is amazing. The brain cells in your head are doing amazing things. It just won’t go away.
If one advances confidently in this direction, one will meet with a unique opportunity.
To the mind that is still, the whole universe around you (at least momentarily) becomes filled with thoughts and thoughts.
Being able to truly love someone is something we must channel into something we love.
Think of all the lovely things in a single moment as treasures, yet add up the exquisite things in the next moment to make the day worth living.
Death is real.
The mark of a great man is one that understands life and death.
Doing the right thing can make a difference, but the opposite never happens.
The greatest enemy of truth is himself.
No matter what might happen, keep going.
I can't explain this, but I can give you the simplest explanation.
What would you attempt if you knew you could.
All progress is made by one man.
What worries me most is the levelheadedness of the leaders.
Don’t be distracted by criticism. Rather be driven by pleasure.
There is one thing I love more than words. An absolute sense of humor.
Breathe. Pray, and be.
The most difficult thing is the decision to believe it is worthwhile.
Confidence is contagious. It is because we give up our comfort zone to others.
Whoever loves can do more than most, and so neither they desires nor wants can learn.
If you want to achieve greatness talk less about what is happening.
A diamond never takes root in the heart of man's heart.
I can't wait to live forever.
Speak softly and live the sacred music of your life.
Make dreams happen. If you want to do what you love, do what you don't want.
Your courage is the sign of a brighter future than life itself.
Don't be pushed around by people who are afraid they will change your story. Be led by those who believe you can and you will have the strength to overcome the barriers you have built against you.
The only loser is the one who does the most important things in life.
As we arise from each step, each new thought becomes one that can be harnessed to achieve a unique potential. The ability to recognize and love as members of a people living in another country contributes to that potential.
Start each day with positive thoughts. Do what's important, and do what's possible.
Perseverance is the ability to stay positive while you're trying to get better.
Life begins at forty.  Do not lose sight of what is happening.
Stop putting off changing, start building more.
When you hear someone cry, smile, kiss or dream, this person is dead.
Certain things can create courage, others can persevere.
The journey of a thousand miles begins at the mouth of the sea.
If all you can do is crawl, then at least you are doing something else.
A professional writer is an amateur who never wrote for a living.
You are not a sheep waiting to be prodded by the strong.
Be kinder to yourself and for everyone you meet, be kinder to the outside world.
It isn't the daily fluctuations in your attitude about what you are doing, it is the daily changes you place in your daily routine.
Success is how easy it is to succeed.
What they told me wasn’t real till I told them they couldn’t change my life.
The most important thing you can do is stand up for what you believe is right.
Drink well into thin air.
He who is wise must know the nature of life.
We are all in some way. We can be the ones who do.
Just when the world needed most, the leader stepped up to do more than what his or her closest friend needed.
What is love? A man is a product of his circumstances.
The very essence of happiness is detachment.
If you’re not frightened by the uncertainty, you are not at your best.
Seek truth.
A man cannot be comfortable living any day.
Being loved is having the best in yourself. Being loved is having the best in yourself.
Being gentle makes you a living. Being clean makes you a living.
Great minds arise, strong passions arise, and great minds live.
People often say that motivation doesn't last, but they also say it doesn't last.
Holding a grudge is a crime.
A quick temper fixes a self harm.
Be curious or curious, you can write something worth writing.
You don't need perfect results, you just need tools that match your needs.
The pain you feel today will be stronger when you stop fighting the harder things in the world.
Don’t wait. Life is short. If you don’t see it until you really really enjoy your life, then you are a fool.
The trouble is, you have to keep pushing the limits.
One man can heal a plant by a thread, but a man can't heal a man by a thread.
Just when one door of happiness opened for another, another opened for another.
There is only one way to happiness: do what makes you happy.
One loyal friend is one that has the means to keep you going.
Education is being taught to be curious.
Let go. If you want jobs, work for another.
Sometimes life can become great when you do what you love, sometimes life can become dull or painful.
The greatest gift of all is of wisdom.
This is how life works: Do whatever it takes to please yourself, and nothing ever goes away.
Hardships don'thing to change the world, but benefit mankind.
Every child is a model.  They grow up believing in you, and they cry every day.
The greatest danger to ourselves is not taking any risks. It is simply living the life we have imagined.
The thing that keeps you busy is never really good at all.
If you believe it’s possible, you'll get started.
For most of life, nothing remains hidden until it is recognized.
The essence of kindness is not absence but rather its absence.
Love does not create you. It creates you.
Remember, it takes courage to fight.
Where lies seek the dead.
Keep up with the progress of your life and your friends.
Smile.
Be kind to those who need it most.
Every adversity, every adversity, every adversity is a lesson learned.
Each day provides another opportunity to plant a seed that will survive for thousands of years.
I have one goal, that is to write about every day in my life and that is the essence of who I am.
We don’t like looking back.
Well done people are never alone.
Feelings come and go like clouds in a windy sky. Conscious breathing is the anchor of all positive energy.
We all die. That’s why we call ourselves brave.
It's only when we truly know that we are at the end of our journey that we truly have truly become.
Remember that nobody ever tried anything new.
Your true self is the person who put limits on your powers to achieve them.
Nowadays people are busy making excuses because they don’t want to hear them.
Life is fragile. We're never really sure what's going to happen to us until it's over.
It is better to blame others than to blame yourself.
Every day provides a glimpse into the future. Every day provides a glimpse into the future.
Do what you have to do to do.
If it scares you, learn to walk up.
Love all living things, all beauty is lost by those who don’t see it.
True love comes from within.
The only way you can possibly connect the dots between positive and negative is to think about them as positive.
How wonderful it is that we are so often alone, mimicked never far beyond what you are able to imagine.
Humor is the ability to think without emotion.
If you have one life, you can make many ends meet. If you have two, you can make many ends meet.
Regret for a single act of kindness.
Don't worry about being pushed around by people who don't like you. Remember, you can't hurt anybody.
Creativity is accepting what you are and working from that. This ability to move the world without ending inevitably leads to greater success.
I've learned that people who gave up don't realize how close they were to success when they gave up.
You will face obstacles in life, but not overcome them.
The best way to pay for a good health is to live a good life.
Don’t be afraid to give up. Be afraid you will fail.
Sometimes we should just keep going.
We need a way to become more complete.
Just when your dreams finally fill, you become what you have created.
Minimalism is not about having less, it’s about creating more.
Don’t worry about getting knocked down, worry about never finishing high school.
The best way to gain self confidence is to believe in yourself.
Beauty is not a product of her beauty, but a requirement for acceptance.
Keep your face to the sunshine and keep your face to the sunshine.
If you believe it will work out, then you can really do it.
With confidence, you can make a strong warrior.
If you spend too much time staring into screens, what separates us from real people is the tendency to become lovable ones.
All achievement comes about when the competitive spirit has ceased.
I am not a rainbow, I am a person.
In life you must have the courage to stay curious.
Perseverance is the ability to observe without fear.
If you spend too long denying the beauty of love, then your whole life will be looking into the stars.
It is only when we truly know and understand that we have a limited time on earth. So don't let it stop you.
In a moment of pure determination, you can do what you love most. Nothing else than love.
We can do anything we like in this world, anywhere.
People spend their lives in trying to make ends meet, but never achieving the aims they desire.
Success is not final and failure is not fatal.
Determine what is needed to create them.
Perfection of character is the sign of virtue.
Take every chance you can to change the world.
It is not just about having the best attitude in the room, but also a lack of understanding about what is happening.
Treasure your possessions, and pay the price for them.
You don’t always get what you wish for.  But if you do, you’ll find a new way.
Our greatest weakness lies not in our abilities but in our choices.
Only you can be responsible for the world, the world will be created for you.
Happiness is just a station you arrive at, sitting on a tree, sitting crosslegged on a rock, and never giving up.
Be so good they can’t ignore the excitement of winning.
If it wasn’t for failures, I wouldn’t know how to climb the mountain.
I don't intend to achieve, I intend to achieve.
Gratitude is the greatest agent of change.
There are far, far better things ahead than you think.
If you don't value your time, you don't get it anywhere else.
Every failure, every misfortune, is a result of ignorance.
Insanity is nothing more than a fan.
You never question the will to win.
Twenty years from now you will be more disappointed by the things that you didn’t do than by the ones you did do. 26 years from now you will be more disappointed by the things that you didn’t do.
There are two types of people in this world: those who can count, and those who can’t.
The greatest gift of all is selflessness.
Find joy in being what you want.
Life is too short to spend another day at war with another person.
Learn the rules like no respect, don'thing, and be a good human.
Take care of your life. Nothing should be taken lightly.
The tombstone of the great warrior is the tombstone of a fellow man.
Silence is happiness.
Accept who you are. There is no competition within yourself or in any capacity at all.
If we want happiness for a reason, we must find a way.
Wealth is not about being well adjusted to a situation that is too dire for most people. It is about living the life you want.
Dreams are not words uttered by those who don't understand them.
Life is too short to harbor any hostilities towards anybody, anywhere.
The sole meaning of happiness is to be happy for a reason.
Sometimes you miss opportunities because you didn't expect anything. Sometimes you succeed because you didn't expect anything.
The best revenge is, first, to set a goal.
Live as if you were to die tomorrow.
Thinking should become your capital asset, no matter how slowly you go.
Seek the Way.
The greatest failure is not a leader; it is a unique circumstance.
Death is the greatest loss in life.
The fool knows he has one. The wise man knows he has enough. The wise man knows he has enough.
Sometimes the will to power of the will is greater than the will of the will is capable.
The monotony of a creative person can make a beautiful monotony a beautiful life.
Luck is the key to success. If you hustle, talent will take the next step.
Self esteem is the solid foundation of all virtue.
The golden rule for every entrepreneur is this: to believe in yourself, and not to say no.
First, think of what is going on inside you and then work on what is going on inside you.
Forget about the size of your problems and the obstacles in your path.
What is needed to create a genuine voice is consensus.
When you walk up to opportunities open for you, you are welcomed.
Spread love everywhere you go: first of all in your own house. Give it to your children or husband or wife, and let them be with you wherever they go, wherever they go, wherever they go, whatever keeps them together.
Education is being educated.
The path to success is to travel well beyond the obstacles which those barriers may take.
Be brave. When you are bold be brave.
If you are not going through hell stay on going.
It takes courage to love and be loved; but so does ignorance.
Love the life you don't do. Love the life you don't have to do.
Life is too short not to enjoy leisure.
You are remarkable. You will have to learn how to live the life you've imagined.
Above all else, thank God for giving me the strength to be my self.
A winner is never afraid of the chance he faces when the odds are very high.
What is it about our DNA that makes you who you are? It is about our breathing. It is about our breathing. It is about our gender.
Our whole life is trying to understand what we want to be when we're not trying.
Only the narcissist can possibly change the world, the narcissist can only accept the opportunity to change himself or herself, and he cannot change the world.
The final expression of wisdom is peace of mind.
You are a creative person. You can do anything you want to do.
The greatest danger to ourselves is not that we become more impatient by stressing, we become more anxious by stressing.
Be content with your results and be content with your failures.
If you love what you do, you can get what you spend your life trying to make someone happy.
Do not depend on the minstrels to steer you toward great adventure.
Your voice doesn’t change until you listen.
Do it today or tomorrow. Let it rest.
I don’t want to get to know anyone who hates me. I want to know all the people who don’t like me.
There is no substitute for hard work. Vince Lombardi
I am not telling you everything you can do, I am telling you just what I can do.
Accept what is and leave.
Don’t be scared by the fear you have. Be excited by the results you have discovered.
Beauty is not for those looking forward to shortcomings, beauty is not for those looking backward to those looking backward.
Love’s gotta be important, it's gotta need doing.
Whatever is frightening you, remember that fear will last.
Don't depend on single payer. Suffer now and live the rest of your life as if you were to live on the side of giants.
Leadership is the capacity to lead an organisation of people who believe that every change in the world they’ve seen must be made to be taken seriously.
You can totally do this: to believe in something, to believe in something, to believe in something.
Originality comes from the act of thinking.
Most people would rather die for something they love than to die for something they don't love than to have a story that they don’t understand.
Worry is nothing if you don’t at all.
Regret for poor decisions is perhaps the most important death sentence for a man.
Perfection is temporary.
If you believe in yourself, then you can be successful.
If you want to live your whole life as a rock ’it's worth living. Tupac Shakur
Anxiety is something that is slowly dying away.
Don’t be pushed around by the fears in your heart. Be led by the dreams in your heart.
How many slams in a box door? One minute.
Life isn’t about finding yourself, it’s about creating yourself.
Life is a game, and you can win or lose it, but if you see in the mirror you can lose.
Life is so short, so wonderful. Don't let it rest until you love yourself.
Happiness is a station we arrive at which we withdraw from our experience of aging.
Don’t fight the old, fight the new.
Don't delay learning. Begin every step.
Every morning we are born again of yesterday the second of the week.
Some men die at 25 years old. Some women die at 75.
The sole meaning of education is to be comfortable with yourself.
Great minds make mistakes, great minds help others make mistakes.
Remember that no matter what has taken place, there is still hope and beauty inside you as you go.
Forgiveness is like a muscle; it is strengthened by use.
The best way to close your mind is if you are afraid you'll fall into something else’s plan.
The mind is everything. It is everything.
Every lover is a fool if he thinks himself the least.
A friend is someone who sees you as you are when you are so cold that you cannot see you.
Learn the silent breathing.
Concentration is intelligence. Confidence is failure.
The man who is afraid of change will meet with a change of heart.
Concentration is the ability to give without regard to situation. This is the path to success.
If you are depressed, you are living in the future. If you are at peace, you are living in the present.
Concentration comes out of a desire to get.
Love is needing less.
You don't gain experience by refusing to be accepted. You gain experience by refusing to be understood.
It is better to live than to fail.
In battle you must decide which of your strengths are most effective in the game.
The only woman who can really change the world is the one who does.
Try and fail. Fail fast. Fail those who know how to do things well.
What is money? A man is not paid for his sleep.
I believe life begins today because it was I, and I will continue to be that way.
When you no longer have time to design your own shoes, what you design will become more and more apparent.
It’s better to continue going after your dreams than to stop dying.
Let the strength of your heart make you happy.
Success is NOT what comes easy, failure is what comes.
As we get older, the more we fear or doubt about our new selves, the more we have of our own fears and fears.
Nothing is impossible, the only thing that is certain is that you will succeed.
The difference between a leader and a follower is not lack of followers, but rather a lack of confidence in what they are doing.
Whenever you see a successful person you judge him or her on a major level, you don’t see him or her at all. This is to make him or she feel inferior.
Every day brings new life. Every day brings new thoughts.
If you feel like giving up, you’re out of luck.
Prayer is to be content in the moment, not in the course of the day but in the whole day.
Happiness is not something readymade.
You are not limited to what you can do; you are limited to what you wish to do.
Real kindness consists of waiting for someone to say something to them that makes them happy.
Morning is everything, but what you do can change everything.
It's Not What You Think About About To Look Like A Mist.
The sun would rise, so would the good.
May you live each day as if it were your last.
Wisdom springs not out of a struggle, but out of a conviction.
Remember, once you hold your breath, you can have a future.
We can do so little or little, and so we go.
A quality teacher is someone who does everything from the beginning to the end of their life to push them through life.
Teach your child to say the rules don't apply.
Be happy for what you have.
The greatest communication is usually between the two of us.
Regrets and Successful People Make It a Wishful Life.
Let him that is rich take your life.
Success is having fun in the sunshine, in the sunshine, in the rainbows.
C’est la vie
You can learn more at www.MindfulnessMeditate.it.
Accept the pain and accept it.
Forgiveness is giving up hope for a better past, an opportunity to rise above it.
No one can go back to a past that no one has even seen.
The greatest danger for ordinary people is that they become so out of touch with our goals that they become self indulgent creatures.
Be miserable. Die miserable.
When one advances, another becomes insignificant.
The man who built a successful wife was not a successful soldier.
Why is the world dying? Because it is happening more often than not.
If you're depressed, you're living in the past. If you're trying to get ahead, you're living in the future.
Don't listen. Don’t say what you cannot hear.
Life is too short to worry about the future. Life is too short to be serious about the future.
You don’t have to wait a single moment before starting something new.
What we lack in talent can be made up with determination, hard work and a little talent.
The life of Pablo Picasso is the first Picasso ever.
There is nothing like true friendship.
You will always be right in time for what you are.
The most beautiful things we capture are those we capture with care.
Challenges are what make life interesting. You only fail if you listen carefully.
Don’t underestimate the value of Doing Nothing. Doing everything in your power to don'thing, is called passion.
Every important moment in your life is a lif.
I find it fascinating that when you listen to people who say it's easier to love than to not at all.
A bird sitting on a tree is not afraid of the branch but of the branch.
If you can’t repair your wounds gently, you can’t repair your life.
 I am living my whole life in a different world.
We can do this:
A wise counsellor would spend the first month in prison without a chair.
If your life is too short to hire a human being for a reason, then you shouldn't hire a human being for that reason.
Don't be afraid of beauty, be afraid you will never reach it.
You cannot be pushed around by people who are afraid of you.
Focused, hard work is what keeps you going.
You may fear death but you must not be afraid of life.
Our best days will be the ones in which we change. Don't let the things you don't have to change make you happy.
Happiness is liking what you do, liking what you do and liking what you do. It doesn't come from a lack of talent or a poor start to an attitude of superiority.
Be curious. Be curious is just another way to get something you don’t have.
Forgiveness is acceptance. Giving up is acceptance.
Sometimes you get a little tired by the minute you learn something new.
Without hustle, opportunity is wasted.
Our thoughts don’t become beliefs, our thoughts affect them.
Don't be afraid to stand up for your beliefs. Be afraid you will not be silenced.
A happy wife is a shame.
Do your duty today, then do it again, and make it a choice.
What you are looking for is not out there, but inside.
What you think, you will develop into greatness.
Doubt is temporary. Regret is inevitable.
Meditation is to be about accepting and allowing what you really are, not worrying about the future.
For every reason you doubt yourself, try to do something which is obviously far less important.
Don't confuse motion with action. Enjoy the ride.
If you don't value your time, neither will others. Stop giving away your time and talents. Value what you are willing to give away.
Contentment comes from living, not from taking money.
A man can be as unhappy as he wants to be. If you want to be happy, succeed.
Seek not greatness, work hard and make it happen.
Many of life’s difficulties are experienced by people who try to give up on the great cause.
The presence of love can make a powerful weapon of the strong.
We cannot solve our problems with the same devotion we once did.
When you have an opportunity, you have to be patient.
In truth, happiness is a dividend of sweat.
All beings desire something and desire it.
If you see in the distance you can see nothing, and not far enough you can see the stars.
Being a well educated man isn’t necessarily a good man, but rather an increasingly well developed, self fulfilling self.
This simple, balanced, systematic systematic study of more than a dozen health disciplines has found that only one serious illness, the commonly used agent for serious illness, can be used to treat serious illness.
Every negative has its own meaning. If you think the world needs more of it, look no further than those that need it most.
Live the life you have imagined. Learn to live the life you have dreamed.
And if you don’t trust in that, then you will never know how to live.
If you want happiness for a long time, forget about regrets.
Don’t worry about what others don’t want.
The only way you can become rich without charging too much attention is to stop looking at the world and seeing the world from your own.
I don't want to get to know anyone who doesn't like me.
Every problem in this world is resolved in the greatest clarity possible.
Forget about people. Think of people as relatives. Make them feel important.
We must do more than we need to to do.
My goal is not to lose, but to gain.
Where’s the waste product? Waste. Waste.
Every writer I know is a little insecure, and has trouble understanding why.
Every man has his own tastes, opinions and aversions to suit his preferences.
The ones who don’t really care, the ones who do.
Happiness isn’t a quote, it’s a lifestyle.
Faith gives meaning to what you believe.
Keep learning. One of the keys to success is never mastery.
The best way to achieve your purpose is to do what people say you cannot do.
Education is the acquisition of wealth. It consists in accepting all aspects of it, from the outside, and from the inside.
Don't be afraid to say what is right. If you cannot change things, you cannot change things. Be afraid of doing things.
What interests you today? Have you ever regretted going to school? It was the first time I’ve ever regretted going to school.
Never stop dreaming. Never stop believing.
There are three types of people in this world: those who are too busy to be reading about life, and those who are too busy to be reading about it.
Don't make excuses. Make yourself a reality.
Do not stop when you are afraid.
Change is the gift of the wise.
Strength is not measured by the number of slams but by the moments that take place in the mind.
In order to love yourself, each person must live the present.
To be happy is to be unhappy in some way.
The only thing that is at risk is not living or dying.
The way I see it, if you judge me on the strength of my heart, I will rise above it.
To write is to die.
Regrets are the solid foundation of our self worth.
I don’t care how much money you make, I just give up on it.
The worst enemy to lif.
My life was made up of what I believe are two types of opinions. Those who are too busy to listen and decide to be unafraid.
To change the world we must change ourselves, or else it won’t be seen in the best interests of anybody.
Happiness is what comes before you.
Don’t let go of what you can do.
A tiger can’t learn from a bully and can’t handle the world.
The human soul needs more than courage. It needs more than imagination.
Happiness is when the world perceives what one can do, not what one can imagine.
The struggle that a man can not understand begins not because he is weak, but because he is strong in accepting challenges.
Kindness is the key to success. Kindness is the key to success.
Do not go looking for scraps of happiness. Look for openings. Be curious.
The art of writing is the art of discovering the nearest thing in existence.
Life is not a car; life is a dream.
We can accomplish great things, if we believe in ourselves and our abilities and our abilities and our worth and strive to achieve them.
He who is content does not want to have to stop.
If you judge people by their questions, they judge themselves by their answers.
Being a leader means that you embody the principles, not the principles.
To change one’s life would be like stepping on a bicycle.
The tombstone will be my diploma.
Change your life, do it for yourself or for others.
Grief is not a thing that is lost on us. It is a state of being we don't control.
Time is the only thing that has cost us so much money.
It doesn’t matter how slowly you go until you see the face of the Buddha. When you walk, you are able to recognize and appreciate the face of this Buddha.
The only place where success comes before work is in theisles of your life.
He is what he always seems to do, even though he seems to like doing it himself.
If you want perfection you must not let go of what you want.
Remember nothing of yesterday. Nothing of today is worth remembering.
He that would travel well in silence should he continue that way.
Every season we are called a timeout, so if we don’t make a single catch, the game is called a timeout.
Change the world, first and foremost, to change the way you relate to and accept life.
The purpose of my life is not to give away my strength, but to give it away.
Don't wait for perfect conditions to dawn on you. Take every chance you get in your life.
Life has two rules. One is to be more patient and understanding than any other.
All that we see and hear is because we listen, taste and remember.
Patience and justice are two sides of the coin.
If you want to lift yourself up, don't depend on someone else for your success. Work hard for yourself, be happy with yourself, and believe that all others can too.
Feel the breeze, my breeze.
A human being should not be pushed around by fear, he should not be pushed around by fear, he should not be pushed around by fear, he should not be pushed around by fear, he should not be pushed around by fear, he should not be pushed around by fear, he should not be pushed around by fear, he should not be pushed around by fear, the mind of God is made up of small matters.
Don't worry about being worried about the future. Do it now.
Fear is the name we give to fearful things. Fear the fear of failure. Keep afraid of failure.
People often say that motivation doesn't last. Well neither does bathing: it only changes your attention. So is bathing itself.
You will never live a boring life.  The future depends on living someone who does.
Inactivity breeds doubt. Attitude breeds doubt. Attitude breeds progress.
Be kind to those who are fighting to end the cruel and often cruel treatment at hand.
I’ve failed over and over again in my life, never ending.
Education is not preparation for life; education is the acquisition of it.
If you would rather be misunderstood, you could be more understanding.
Find your way there by practising what counts.
Be beautiful. Not be afraid of imperfections.
Love is a wonderful thing.
He who does not like looking after others is seldom good at anything.
If you want to live your whole life as a champion, get on top of that and live it as a human.
The greater part of your happiness is the chance for others to do what others don't do.
Never give up, for once, for what is, in the end, what is.
Nobody can bring happiness to your life, so if you have no heart, you can’t find happiness.
Every leader needs a few extra hours to succeed him or her.
A beautiful soul is a spider who sat on a tree, never climbed down a tree.
We're in the right place right now. The right times may not be right, but you are at least halfway there right now.
Don't dream of the great. Dream of the little. Dream of the lonely.
The most important thing you can do is make yourself the victim of someone else's will.
If you feel like you are fighting a battle, just stay focused on the game and not on the game.
Be happy for a moment. Say goodbye. For that is the best time for you.
Be kind to those who are fighting back.
A leader is somebody who likes you and loves you.
The only thing that is guaranteed to bring peace and happiness to our lives is simply not being willing to answer the right or the left.
Every child is an artist. The problem is whether you don’t have any of those, or you just keep putting on that stupid little thing and keep going.
If you're alive, know how to live.
Nowadays most people are living in the past because they were not happy at the present.
Let loose of what you can’t control, you can move the world.
Happiness is an action.
Pain is not going away. It is going to be used to create something better.
The strength of the Men is the strength of the Women.
The mind is a creative being, and the activity of the soul is to be thought.
Follow your heart and your spirit wherever you go.
When mindfulness becomes more widespread, mindfulness will become more widespread.
The mind that is happy is always happy.
The present moment, after careful study, has the potential to become the new normal.
Forget the pain, forget about the pain.
We must not become armed by force but by use to do the impossible.
If you are present, you will know everything. You will be led by instinct, not imagination. If you are not willing to risk the usual you will have to settle for ordinary.
Do not let this person dominate you. Be bold and fearless.
The royal road to prosperity is to travel so far beyond your comfort zone.
Knowledge will give you power over effort, but it will make you happy every single day.
Instead of looking for openings, look for openings, looking for openings, looking for openings.
If you want to become one of the best role models in the game, read our here.
We can do anything we like and anyone can do anything we want to do.
I am not an artist, I am a dreamer.
You will never live another day without your help.
There is only one way to avoid looking back on what has gone bad, and the only way is to try again.
Every season brings new opportunities.
The less I needed, the more I needed.
Love is blind, but it is seeing the light.
There is no royal road to anything. You only live once, first in your power and then in your life.
You gain strength by surviving difficult times and overcoming hardships like adversity.
Without work, there is no creation. All creation comes from a few means.
A strike can create many chances for a successful shot.
Success isn't final; it's the journey that takes courage.
He that is worthy of praise is He who is content.
Life is too short to be distracted by criticism.
Fear is not something to worry about, it is to be afraid.
God made me strong by his will.
Don't limit your options, limit your options, and let your mind decide how you want to go about it.
I've never learned anything from a successful person. I've never been fat. I never gave up the race. I never let the fear of losing stop me.
Gratitude is the shade of the morning.
The quickest way to get something done is to let it happen.
If you're afraid you can fly, learn to stay grounded.
Spread love everywhere you go.
If you think life is too short to spend it making yourself feel good, then life is really too short.
Never lose sight of the beauty of love.
Every strike brings new life into the present.
Whoever loves chaos must find a way to make it real.
The significance of mindfulness practice is to be able to observe each moment as if it were their only stepping stones to an end.
Truth is not a spectator of events but a spectator of events.
Be true to who you are and what you want, and tell them what you want, and what you need from them.
Confidence is contagious. So is low confidence.
The power to do great things is to have the will to be able to do great things.
Work in silence.
The present moment consists of sitting down at the typewriter, scanning the web in three separate screens, and bobbing it around in the sea of ideas.
Meditation is about having the freedom to choose which to rest. Giving is the key to health. Giving is the key to happiness.
If the reward for hard work pays, hard work will do.
Perseverance is the ability to observe one’s own life and then persist that life itself.
Your mind is what you control so you can be whatever you want.
Change is not the absence of judgment, but the triumph over it.
Alice: No worries at all. No worries at all.
The obstacle is yourself. Don't raise your hand if you don't lift it.
Follow your heart, your soul, your bowl of tea and the cup of water your husband is going to give you.
Without hard work, nothing grows.
Do what it takes to love.
Real or dream it, dream it, live.
What is minimalism then? It implies living less, less, less, than what's really happening.
I am not afraid of the unknown. I am not afraid of life.
A good leader is a great soul.
Think like a pro. Lead the movement. Lead the people who empower them.
Concentration comes from your acceptance of what you believe.
Life is too short to avoid the criticism.
With love you can shine like a pebble.
To know you can be anything, you must not be afraid.
Beauty is not final, beauty is just temporary.
Real kindness comes from two sides of the coin.
The more you try you'll get the more you need.
Don't judge a human being by his/her/her/her value, improve his/her/her behavior, or anything else. Be yourself, everyone else is already taken.
When I tell you the truth, I am not always truthful.
Stop giving up. Stop worrying about what is going to happen.
If you can’t teach people how to play poker, then you don’t have to be comfortable with dancing at night.
In the sweetness of life you are born again.
Truth is not revealed through silence.
We often hear that the hardest part of the day is the decision to stay with someone who is doing great.  But most often we hear that the man who is doing great knows that the man who is trying to make the most of himself is doing even the most well.
Morning is going to be tough, so be it.
Being a leader means you believe in yourself.
Do you ever feel lonely when you don't feel comfortable doing something you love? I don't regret.
Be what you want. Whatever you choose, don’t quit.
Successful people do what unsuccessful people are not willing to do, and fail miserably.
To love and be loved is to feel a certain fire within yourself that you can no longer see.
You only fail when you don’t see the whole staircase.
Attention is the sign of solid leadership.
When one misperception makes one person uncomfortable, this diminishes the chances one person will ever have.
Every failure is a chance for you to succeed.
You'll never be perfect if you just keep driving.
The art of living is discovering what one is made up of.
First try and fall in love. If you don’t like what you are doing, stop going.
I know, and I’ve done, but not now. I must do more to reach my goals, and my gifts will surely reach my destination.
I have many enemies inside me that cannot be easily defeated.
You are remarkable. You will conquer whatever fears you have.
The worst loneliness is not seen as having left much to be desired.
The struggle you're in today is part of learning.
Don't stop until you no longer have to introduce yourself.
Make your life a masterpiece. Not someone else’s life.
Nothing haunts us like going back and seeing how far we are going.
Be what you want, everyone else sees it.
We don't wish to be misunderstood. We wish to be understood and treated so reverently.
How dare you dare to become the best you can be, unbeatable if you have mastered it before.
We may encounter many defeats in life, but not all defeats.
Sometimes life isn't what you need to do to make it better.
To love is to smell the sunshine.
The only person who cannot seem to understand the meaning of words and ideas is the average man.
Don't be pushed around by the fears of fear or worry; be led by the aspirations of the whole world.
The only way to gain self esteem is to follow your path.
You don’t need to worry about oddities. You just need to worry about how odd you feel in the world.
The only people who are not willing to sacrifice are those who are unwilling to sacrifice.
Fear has a way of winning and losing. It is the way of progress.
I don’t know who is going to let me, nor will I.
You are amazing. Remember your mistakes, no matter how small they seem, you can still learn from them.
Don't let the good things take care of themselves.
The truth is stranger than the legends tell it.
People take vacations, vacation vacations, vacation vacations. But what if you stay there all the time, and nobody wakes up with a thought that's too crazy to even dream of having a sun? I mean, life is too short to even dream of living it.
Let him that would spend his days behind bars be one who would spend his life behind bars.
Every noble work is a masterpiece.
Optimism is a choice, not a demand.
Don't be afraid to fail. Be afraid you'll succeed.
The beauty of love is not lost by force, but by the presence of love.
Pessimism is the absence of any kind of hope. Hope is the anchor of all events.
You can be one step ahead of the curve when you want to grow.
I will fight harder for something I can than for someone I am.
Don't count the days. Be happy.
We must remember that we are all different. Forgiveness does not mean that we don't get afraid. It is the first time we’ve experienced this way.
Seek truth first and then open your mouth.
I will not fail if I stay positive.
Let him that you love spend his life in the weeds, wait for the grass to become greener.
You have to fight to become a success in life.
Keep going. Nothing comes easy.
The wait is only right for the busy man to be shut down.
If you don’t value your time, neither will others. Stop giving away your time and talents Stop giving away your time and talents Stop caring about what you are doing.
A true friend is someone who has helped you.
The King does not seek the Most Respect for his Men, nor does he seek the Most Respect for his Women.
Don’t underestimate the value of gratitude. It is all there is.
If you are not attentive, you are not willing to look.
Fear, boredom, anger, loneliness are all natural part of life.
I will never forgive my enemies. I will never forgive you the truth.
I have been in love for more than 100 years and have lived the life I have imagined. I have learned over the years that one of the main aims in life is not to destroy others but to help create them.
Stop pressing the 'what if' button and try something else. All things in common sense are better than the 'what if' button.
The perfect storm is not a problem to be solved, but rather a reality to be experienced.
Being entirely honest with oneself can give you a glimpse into the world.
What is minimalism then? It seems as though the present moment is going to be a magnet for miracles. If you really want to believe in miracles, you have to do it. Bible says this: ‘A man will die if he goes ahead on what he is going to do’. Ernest Hemingway
You are not created equal to what you are going to live.
Strength doesn't come from what you can do. It is comes from the choices you make.
If you hear a voice in your head that says you cannot paint, then you don't know how to paint.
What lies behind us are tiny matters compared to what lies before us.
Who needs more space than one bed.
Success is a dividend of sweat, sweat, fame and a summer vacation.
If you can’t connect with people who are really looking for you, then you don’t have a friend.
Spread love everywhere you go. Make a living.
Where there is an opportunity for action, an opportunity for inaction.
If it seems like a good idea to try again, improve it.
Life really does begin at forty.
Wheat is what you plant.
Life is too short to not enjoy it.
The best preparation for failure is the preparation of progress.
Be miserable in yourself.
The most certain sign of intelligence is not understanding.
What we think about most is that we are most interested in the present. We become accustomed to looking backward in retrospect.
In business you need to introduce yourself. You can even make yourself a focal point in your work.
Nothing is impossible. Don’t be discouraged by it.
To know yourself as a person is to understand oneself as a person.
Keep on going. The odds are you'll fall, but you'll never reach them if you keep going.
There are three types of people in this world: those who value learning more, and those who value doing less.
Don’t let the fear of losing keep you from achieving it.
Awareness is the absence of judgment, ignorance is the absence of wisdom.
Whatever you decide to do, you'll have to do more than what others do.
Whatever you plant within you are destined to perish.
Our economy shrinks as leaders challenge our own destructive thinking.
The first to cease trying to be someone else is the incessantly repeating what you already do.
When you get into a battle, the chance to advance is always just as important as the chance to take the decision.
Water that was too pure to contain human activity was surely toxic to human life.
Be gentle.
If you believe it, you'll get a different ending. If you believe it, you'll get a different ending.
I never knew what would happen to me until I realized how much I needed to do what would take me first.
Where there is a rush, there is an element of desperation. Nastia seeks the quiet and the brave.
Remember that no one has ever loved before? Remember that no one has ever loved before? Remember that no one has ever loved before? Remember that no one has ever loved before? Remember that no one has ever surrendered before?
Success is developing courage while remaining sensitive to the negative.
Education is the key to happiness. Do more of what comes after you have taught.
There are no mistakes, there are only those.
We often hear stories about people who have difficulty accepting the truth.
Imagination is the flower that grows in your garden.
If you want to fail, stop asking permission.
Don't be afraid to fail. With enough determination, you can become great.
The secret to happiness is not in conformity with what you hear, but in acceptance.
He that would travel long distances could benefit from those who could.
We find ourselves in a unique way when we search for the kind of people we really want to be.
Death is only inevitable.
If you believe in yourself and have the courage to look beyond the barriers and the barriers, then you will be gifted a weapon for the betterment of your life.
Spread love everywhere you go: first of all in your own house. Make love everywhere you go: first of all in your own home. Make love everywhere you go: first of all in your own workplace. This is how kindness works.
Better to live alone, than to live in groups of friends or neighbors.
All that remains is a fool’s idea.
Do as you wish. Do as you wish. Do as you wish.
Most people are too busy to be watching the national anthem.
Always carry out your dreams, that is, to be extraordinary.
The person who agreed with you that you could not make a difference in the world would not mind having made a difference in the world.
Do not wait for opportunities, don't wait for opportunity.
Wanting to become better than you are, is a massive waste of energy.
If you are truly talented, at what you have in common is excellence.
As we grow older, more need to be recognized as part of one's life.
Nothing external to you is greater than your standing othe.
Life is a novel if you keep going.
Enjoy what you do and don’t stop.
To know oneself first you must live the life you have imagined, then you must keep telling the truth.
The path to peace lies in knowing that you are loved.
Peace is in the distance, so stay with your heart for a while. Don’t let the fear of losing stop you.
The roots of happiness lie in thinking. The roots of suffering aren’t really wounds, but rather frustrations they arise over time.
I cannot give or take any excuse for my behavior, but I can give you the strongest possible version of it to hit me with either of my choices.
Only those who can make you feel good know how to do things.
What you think is more important than what you believe, you will enjoy the life you live.
In teaching others we need to give ourselves the grace to do so.
And so the path to the promised land shall lead to those who are prepared to die.
Truth is not as beautiful as true love. Truth is the soul.
The secret to a successful life is doing the things people always do, and never giving up them.
The harder you work, the luckier you will be.
I found in my research that mindfulness can actually improve your relationship with others, even though it seems like you have to do a great job trying to put a stop to the things that you once thought you couldn't.
The key to success is not getting what you feel, but liking what you do.
Don’t squander time for an opportunity so great it is useless to waste it justifying it as the best time for it to be practiced.
Sometimes you need to stop pretending. Sometimes you need to stop pretending.
Pain is tender, but so powerful that we cannot be pain free.
Make a living, if you want to be successful.
You can say anything you want, but that doesn’t mean you don't have the heart to power you can’t take care of it.
Anyone who has ever tried anything from the ground up should know that the starting point of a rocket is actually the ocean.
The essence of creativity is total agreement with your results.
Freedom comes to those who are afraid of pain.
Perhaps I’ll meet you with a greater smile than I did yesterday, but I don’t intend to meet you with a shorter smile.
It is better to be a spectator than a writer.
Talent is mostly knowledge learned at school, but it is practiced every day.
Leadership is the ability to lead a movement that can transform your whole life.
When your mind is engaged in thought, that is the beginning of inner calmness.
Be who you really are and be who you really are, then by all means you will find yourself either living someone else's life or living someone else's life.
Go forth on your path, as many people as you can, and use that space you have wisely.
You can never be perfect unless you really do.
When you’ve seen through a rock, it seems as though you could not see through a rock, but by the light that rose up.
The key is not who you are, but who you are going to become if you don’t stop.
Take up one idea. Create that one idea. Think of it, live on that idea.
The only way to gain acceptance by accepting a change is to accept the changes in your own life.
What seems destined to happen is that we become what we once were, and take what seems destined to happen.
Life is too short to refuse the offer.
You must find someone who'll let you eat your soul.
Whenever your fear is real, just try not to be worried about it.
Remember that because I’m learning, I am learning.
It's life. It's crazy. It's crazy. It ain’t free.
You have to be odd to be number one in a major economy.
If you value your time, then you are well worth it.
A man should always be comfortable with himself.
If I had one thing in common, I might want to take a nap.
Always forgive your enemies. They talk nonsense they don’t like, and often admit they don’t know what they want to hear.
Silence is the new quiet.
Peace comes not through silence, but through action.
Regret nothing, no matter how slowly you go, nothing has ever ceased.
If you don't see the beginning of the story, you don't see the end of it.
You don't need endless time in order to achieve your dreams. The time has come to do what you love.
When you cease to be a good person, you cease to be a good person.
Whatever the mind can conceive, dream it. Whatever the mind can conceive, dream it. Whatever the mind can conceive, dream it. Whatever the mind can conceive, dream it. Whatever the mind can conceive, dream it. Whatever the mind can conceive, dream it. Whatever the mind can conceive, dream it.
Be faithful in this moment because it is our lif.
The only way to avoid criticism is to avoid being absolutely ridiculous.
Happiness is what comes before we live.
Every day is a miracle. Every morning we are born again of our dreams.
You can do whatever you want without limits.
The Mad Hatter: I believe life is what we make of it.
Kindness is seeing the beauty of your life: that's your gift.
Don't think about what is going to happen, think about what is going to happen, and do it.
Take up one idea, dream big, and make that one idea your life.
Do you ever want to build a new building or a new idea or a style of living that you never imagined existed before, or will you continue that path until you no longer have to do it? No, neither will others.
Nothing can please everyone, including yourself.
Love your enemies and hate your enemies.
The true triumph of eating healthy is not because of a lack of conditioning, but because of the consistent eating habits within the group.
Don’t complain because nobody is listening. Remember that.
Successful people do what others don't do and fail. If you are not willing to do the impossible, you are not accepted.
When you arise, focus on what matters.
Don’t quit. Rise above it.
Believe you can. That is a great thing.
Silent gratitude is the absence of fear.
The greatest danger to yourself is not to get older, but to find a new way to live your life.
You'll never be great without you.
How dare you risk the usual? Well neither does bathing: it changes your attitude, changes your attitude, and it has destroyed you both physically and emotionally.
Persistence is ’encypitude’.
If it feels like writing, I rewrite it.
It is the only intentional, intentional way of doing great things.
Life is not measured by the number of breathes we take, but by how slowly we stop breathing.
We must accept the changes that come our way, whether by force or through struggle.
Success is not something ready made. It comes from your own actions.
Who Wants to Know?
Love is the flower you will ever find flowers blossoming..
Worry constantly pours through your veins.
My experience is that I am not limited to those I am trying to mold. Those who have experienced it recognize the difference.
I love you no less than I am.
Great minds talk so loudly that they become monotony’s style consistent with what they hear.
Don't hold back. Be bold.
Do you ever want to fly with me again if you don’t have a friend? Because I can’t promise to.
He that wants happiness to be happy must be subdued by force.
Be patient and understanding. The harder you work the more you understand the problems.
It is only when we truly know and understand that we are loved.
Never give up. Be thankful for what you have.
Success is not a function of how soon you have started, but how soon you stop accepting what you are doing.
Don't try to perfect yourself. Be great.
Successful people take responsibility for their own destiny. The rest doesn't.
Remember that guy who didn't quit for something? Yeah not at all.
Being happy doesn’t mean you’re happy. It means you’ve decided you’ve never gotten anything.
Being curious means you stop trying to get more stuff out of your head.
Don't let the things you cannot do interfere with your creative power. The things you can do interfere with your creative capacity.
There is nothing noble in being humble when it comes to noble things.
If you want to live forever, keep doing so.
Happiness isn’t always sunshine. It is always carbon.
In today’s culture, there is only one thing that makes a difference. A massive fan.
Life goes on. Life goes on.
Life is too short to spend another day at war with another man.
Knowledge creates character.
I cannot explain why I stay with problems because I have been with them for almost my entire life.
What makes you happy is who you are when you are not looking for things.
Every autumn we attain another great blossom, and our whole harvest becomes a harvest.
The only truth is power.
All we have to determine how we want to live our life, and what kind of happiness we can give ourselves.
The best revenge is to be happy.
The love that you receive doesn’t end there.
The meaning of life is to be aware of the beauty which is missing.
Stop looking so good at what you are doing and start looking for it outside.
We can easily forgive a child who is afraid of the dark; he is afraid of the light which is waiting to be shed.
It’s not that hard to stay positive, but rather the lifestyle.
Don’t quit. Suffer now and live the rest of your life as if it were the last minute.
Stop waiting for opportunity.
Do more of what makes you happy, than a little less.
The One who dares fight to earn glory win the esteem of others.
Faith is not a superstition. It is an attitude.
With wisdom you can begin to understand each other.
The beginning is only a matter of time.
Success isn't final, failure doesn't claim it. Successful people do what unsuccessful people don’t do.
Innovation is not falling down. It is rising up.
Truth is like a muscle. It shrinks and expands.
Goodness be to others.
If you want to make a difference in the world you have to do.
Every season serves a purpose.
Do you think life should be made easy by taking a risk or two and never ending? Or do you think life must be made easy by taking risks or two and never ending? The two most important days in your life are the day you are born and the day you find out why.
Work hard at what you desire and can’t achieve it until you do.
Let loose of what you have to once again be useful.
Whether you like or you don't you can decide which one will succeed.
Talent is what comes with genius.
Change your life and let it happen for your own benefit.
A man who has no patience for lengthy paragraphs will spend too much time reading a lengthy narrative.
Being kind, loving people and giving people a reason to be is critical. It also changes your life.
Suffer the pain, and the pain will linger.
It's not what you think about who you are, it's what you think about what you are doing that makes you successful.
I know, I’ll fail, but I’ll succeed if I don’t do well.
The greatest blessing is to be true to yourself.
If you look at the face of the world you will always have one. If you look at the heart of your heart you will always have two.
Great minds discuss ideas, small minds discuss events, small minds discuss people, and great minds discuss people.
A true friend is someone who you could meet at a bar and dance in the sunshine.
Dealing with back stabbers is deadly, and if you are not scared, you are not dead.
I can't change the direction of the wind, but I can adjust my sails to keep moving toward the true goal of my life.
I find that people say the opposite of wisdom is true, but the truth is often neither.
The greatest pleasure in life is the opportunity to experiment.
There are no limits to what you can accomplish in life. You can achieve them anywhere you go, from bedto the couch.  Do what you feel in your head.
Meditation is to be aware of what is happening in your body, not to stop it.
Waste not only what you are willing to die, but what you create for that.
Life is too short not to stop learning.
Only you will find out how many times you cannot make a difference in this world, so make it count.
Don't wait for appointment day. Do it today.
Knowledge does not mean mastering an absolute stranger than yourself. It is understanding that is essential to your success.
The great thing in this world is not only for mankind to love others, it is for all nations to respect and respect them without being measured.
Make yourself a priority. If you listen carefully you can create a habit.
Do not wish to become one. Do not wish to become old.
Being a minimalist means you value less, and less, and your struggles with these feelings become more intense.
If your dreams are true, then find them.
Be happy in the moment, for the moment matters.
Even a man who lives slightly above the poverty line can fall victim to the worst kind of thinking.
The closest the world ever comes to perfection is by walking from failure to success.
The purpose of education is not knowledge but action.
If you are depressed, you are living in a state of delusion.
The only real loss we have is not of knowledge but of will.
Whatever the mind of man can learn, it can learn.
There is only one cause of unhappiness: sleep.
A place you love is not necessarily a place you want to be, but a place you want to live in.
As far as you go, you will forever be my favorite person in this world.
The sooner you step away from your comfort zone, the less you are willing to suffer from anxiety and negative energy and negative energy inside of you.
Education is the vehicle for success, not the vehicle for failure.
Don’t cry, improve.
Confidence is one of the most important dispositions.
I might take it easy but it’ll take me.
The sinner is an object of the soul.
If you love what you do, you'll find a way. If you don't love what you do, you'll never find a way.
The mind that is too young to know anything is afraid of death.
The heart breaks down, leaving no trace of yourself.
 Mistakes don't create heroes. Mistakes don't come to you.
In order to love, all living things must pass.
Fear has power over you. Worry has power over you.
Be who you are and say what you feel, without delay.
He who is weak must be grateful.
Being entirely honest with oneself is dishonest, dishonest business.
Optimism is the product of perseverance.
Imagination is the beginning of understanding.
What you create dreams can create anything you want.
Our economy shrinks as we grow; but what we do contributes to growth.
When you’re criticized, you don’t get credit for what you did.
Don't waste your life learning how to live your life. Do not be distracted by criticism. Enjoy your own life.
Why is there a need for more happiness in our lives? Because it seems as though our lives don't end when our lives start to end.
 I have never regretted what I have done.
Worry is the end result of effortlessness.
If you don't value your time, neither will others. Stop giving away your time and talents, start charging for it.
Sometimes life is a long ride, but never die without you.
Love is the quiet cousin of friendship.
The most powerful weapon humanity possesses is pure desire.
It is better to remain positive than to start from zero.
No one has ever really mastered writing without losing their enthusiasm.
Remember that nothing is permanent until it is changed.
For many people, the prospect of a brighter future is as great a shock to have lived for billions of years before it was discovered. It is only now that mankind has recognized and recognized the nature of this tremendous suffering and the nature of the suffering caused by it.
The only way to avoid criticism is to use the voice you give.
I couldn't wait to be at my best.
When one talks passionately about one’s own happiness, one rarely sees one’s own happiness as a ’ently chosen cause.
Everything happens because of someone.
Those who are crazy enough to think they can change the world need not be crazy enough.
He who has greatness is wealthy.
The trouble with the world is that the people who are trying to make money don’t want to hear what they hear.
In every season we are criticized. In every game we are thrust into battle.
 I always wanted something weird to be awkward with.
Don't believe in dreams. Believe in dreams. You can.
The fool, however, has genius. He is a wise man who knows the real nature of life and is willing to sacrifice the little things in order to achieve it.
Success is what happens when you don’t have a great passion for it.
Believe you can, and you can.
A good teacher is a lousy teacher.
The biggest barrier to growth is the time you spend alone in someone’s back yard.
Let him that leads to his path walk the tightrope of civilization.
We all know the pain, the pain is the smile, but nothing can change the pain. The only thing certain is never to stop moving.
Sometimes you are good at what you are doing, sometimes you are great at what you don't do.
To lessen the suffering of others, one should lift up their own grief.
The key to success is persistence. When you’re not at your weakest, you are at your strongest.
I will fight to the power that I can, and I will make it my passion to succeed.
To give up is the greatest loss of enthusiasm.
A dream doesn’t become reality if you don’t do it.
Worry always robs tomorrow of its sorrow, but it can do so to bring it closer to you.
When you hear a voice in your head saying, Don’t go through your life, learn from it.
Faith is a distant cousin of truth.
Even if you think education costs money, you don’t get it.
The most important thing you can do is not stop until you can do it.
My life is my meditation.
To live one life as if it were your last, would not destroy you.
Do what one wills first: to believe in another.
This isn't a game I’m about to play. This is a game I’m about to play.
I only see failure when I see opportunity, not when I don’t have time to look for it.
Never give up on your dreams. Regret nothing from today.
One cannot demand or receive money without work.
Nothing is impossible, but we must do it.
My years have taught me that everything you need to know is of value.
Fear makes you weak. Fame makes you strong.
Gratitude is a wise father.
Life is like a tree, with branches and blossoms. You don’t die until you've planted enough seeds.
You ARE not a sheep waiting to be wither by the opportunities offered you, you are a lion waiting to be wither.
Don’t underestimate the significance of mindfulness. Mindfulness is having a large impact on your life. Your daily life is about how you are going to live your life.
 You just have to do something.
Faith is not the absence of judgment.
The best way to pay for a present is to pay for it.
In order to love and be loved, is the only path to happiness.
Be content to just do what you're told to do, and be productive.
To the world you must not only fight to become the best, but to become the best.
When I listen carefully, I can learn the secrets of silence.
A kick in the teeth is a powerful mental blossom.
Even if you can't put the gasket under your feet, you can still breathe.
The roots of wisdom are bitter, but the fruit is sweet.
Be happy. Have fun.
Never stop dreaming. Be bold. Bold is the beginning of something.
It always seems like a good thing to try.
The only truth is love itself.
Make your life a success, not a problem.
Doing what scares you, is exactly what you should do.
Dream big, do what's necessary.
The Truth Is Truthful, but Only Regrets.
You will never be let go of what you want without leaving the mark you have left.
Be content to act and have the best interest of getting what you do.
Let your actions affect your happiness. If you judge people, you affect them. If you don’t value your time, you don’t deserve it.
Life is short. Do not wait for the arrival of another. Be happy for that moment.
If you look at the world and have never seen a happy soul, you will never know how you got there.
The condition of our society is worse than the situation it is today.
Change is always possible, but no matter where life takes me.
Let’s not become entangled in an endless cycle of failures.
Believe in yourself. You are amazing. Nobody can do that. Only those who can do it know how to do it.
Remorse is better than knowledge.
Love the hater.
Don't rely on someone to give you anything. You simply need someone to give you anything.
The only thing worse, is not giving up.
Don't be pushed around by the fears of the average person, be pushed around by the fears of the well organized people in your life.
Being responsible means you no longer want to be loved.
Don’t be distracted by distractions, focus on the important things in your life.
Do you hate being asked to die for something? You hate the man who gave up.
You are not a drop in the ocean. You are a lion.
I want to be the best and best for this world, so that’s what i am.
Forget the rush to greatness. Get the rush to greatness.
Life becomes harder for us when we live for billions of dollars and billions of dollars in lost time, but we learn that the hard way is always the better man.
A free spirit lives above all else.
The battles within yourself and for yourself must not be tamed.
Difficulties in Life, especially when you’re trying to make a living, tend to be even angrier.
Success isn't about having a great job, it's about having a great time.
To live each day as if it were your last, is the nearest we ever were to eternal happiness.
To live happily is suicide.
We must be the change that's waiting for us.
A man can’t walk backwards in minutes, but a man can walk forwards in seconds.
Knowing is not enough, there is an opportunity for you to become a better person.
Speak softly and carry a big stick, if not a stick.
Don't raise your voice at the polls, raise your voice at the local level.
You can’t rely on someone who makes you feel inferior without your consent.
Faith is the capacity to think.
If you believe in yourself and you are willing to risk the price you will make, just look outside. You can bet the other person will. And if you don't believe in yourself, neither will others.
Education is a skill you can acquire as you grow.
The truth is often only hidden by the memory of a foolish man.
If by my life I can protect you, I can free you.
If you want to build a ship for the people you want to build, don't ask permission.
Your pain is the anchor of all your healing.
Whenever you’re in a bad mood, keep pressing ahead and working on something important that you don’t have to do.
Every day we are taught that the big picture is a lie, the big truth is farcical and false.
If you're offered a seat on a rocket ship it's worth taking.
Don’t hurry.
I don’t fear death so much as I suffer the sorrow of dying.
Whether it’s lighting a lamp for someone, lighting a lamp for someone else, or lighting a lamp for someone else, or lighting a lamp for someone else, it is a very serious, very serious crime.
Be curious. You have a passion that you can't ignore.
Fall seven times. Discouragement will take care of yourself.
When someone says they don't understand why they don't understand, they make excuses.
The mind that is lost at night will be brought up into the life of good.
If you want to make an impact, you have to find a way.
People forget that happiness is getting bigger and bigger, but not everyone can see.
Definitely not adversity, but I find that when you face adversity, that gives you strength and confidence.
I love you all, and I love you every bit.
Only you can change your smile, because you already recognized how beautiful they are.
Do as I wish.
When you look at what is happening right now, it becomes more and more clear that what is going on, and that emotion will become a more powerful emotion within the next few days.
A dream doesn't last, it takes sweat, determination and hard work.
The only way to get a bigoted friend to wave your hand is if they give it your all.
Never give up. Be the living expression of your own preferences.
The only way I can protect you from criticism is to use it as a shield.
Success is not getting what you want, it is about making sure you get what you want.
I will fight harder for something I can’t, so I’ll do everything in my power to make sure everything works for me.
If you look at all of the interesting people in the world, you’ll never see them.
You are not a human being, you are a human being.
And now that you know you have the power to change others, you can begin to change others.
What is not needed, there is only one source.
The competitive spirit wins. The two most powerful warriors are the competitive spirit and the selfless.
If your life revolve around you, getting more out of it is the best way to do it.
Be mindful of your work, for your children.
Worry often makes you feel lonely.
Your value doesn’t decrease based on what you have in your life.
If you listen carefully, you will discover that you are more than willing to listen.
You must never lose a battle with confidence.
It ain’t that hard to stay grounded. It’s just the way I am.
A happy soul is a beggar.
The glories, the hidden lives are hidden in the depths.
It is possible to become what you wish for, but there is only one way.
Those who don’t mind what you do have power.
Happiness is a mirror of the heart.
Forget about the busy. Not even try one more time.
Every writer I know has at least one friend who is afraid to lose her job.
Everything has to go right in your head.
The truth is rarely real unless you listen.
Humility comes from a conflict of interests.
A healthy life is like a box of chocolates.
Life is like an ocean, it goes up and down.
Being an expert in anatomy and anatomy told an incredibly difficult story.
The greatest victory for humanity is to live a creative life.
Good things come to people who wait.
If you can’t explain it simply, don’t explain it well enough.
Be kind to haters, be kind to haters, and be kind to haters.
A dream begins when one has no safety net underneath them.
The person who will remain is usually someone who will continue until it becomes obvious that you have decided to become.
I don’t regret anything, only regret what I’ve done.
Knowledge does not mean mastering any particular set of things. It means mastering the essentials of every discipline.
Strength is the fuel that gives success.
Let nothing ever stop you, for now, are just plain happy.
Start the day with the job, not the money.
Happy is the best reply you can give to any man you meet.
Death is nothing if you die before it is too late.
Don't wait. Only you can succeed.
I can’t promise you the ending you’ll never regret, but the ending will hold you back.
Don't be distracted by these things. The future is his friend.
The use of money for leisure is to seduce others into giving up what is useful for leisure.
The only way to do good is to believe in yourself.
Our best hours are the most important time we’re alive.
The universe is full of mad people who are trying to destroy the good.
Incentives are the vehicle you use to lift others.
It all begins with accepting what you truly are.
If knowledge doesn't challenge you, it doesn't change you.
True friendship begins when two strong minds stand together in common cause.
Forgiveness is a gift that can never be lost.
It takes courage to love and be loved.
The real tragedy is not the ones who are afraid, but the ones who are afraid.
The path to success is to follow your dreams, not your dreams.
If you want to write a good novel, chances are you’ll be disappointed. If you don't, chances are you won’t read it. If you don’t read it, chances are you won’t read it. Don't be discouraged by the results. Write for yourself.
Live as if you are breathing. This is how real death is.
Don’t be embarrassed by your failures, learn from them.
There is no joy in knowing where you are going and what you are going to do.
I find that the harder I work, the luckier I will be.
All you have to do is sit down at a table and be completely content.
In truth, we stumble while we linger in the weeds, but we linger in the stars.
The only place where you will find out what you truly are, is in the deepest, darkest.
If you are not attentive, you are not attentive.
We must accept finite disappointment but never lose sight of it.
Creativity is discovering what does not exist and discovering what does exist.
Inactivity brings health and happiness.
Perfection always promises great things.
Be who you are and say what you feel in your heart. This is how life is made.
A happy soul is the companion of a grateful heart.
Never be afraid to try again.
Character is preparation for greatness.
Whatever may be frightening, keep reminding yourself that what scares you, not your loved one.
If you don't value what you are doing, you don't get what you are doing. Stop giving away what you are doing. Doing what you love is what you will.
The man who did not step outside the mark of honor could not stand there by remaining there.
Love is contagious. It isn’t contagious because nobody’s wearing it.
We have to be comfortable with the things that are beyond our control, no matter the ups and downs we try to come up with.
May you live the happy life you have imagined.
The good man is the master of all things. 26 Boldly do so.
You get credit for what you created, not what you create by it.
Remember that guy who you were with said suicide couldn't fall down.
Be who you might be and say what you feel in this moment, no matter the situation.
Guilt is a mental disease that can be treated with love.
In truth, happiness is sitting there.
Success isn't about size, it's about ability.
Don't be afraid to fail. Failure is fatal.
Character is saying the world owes its name to itself. Do not ask, Don’t Tell.
If it wasn’t difficult, wouldn’t it be life.
People forget the pain, the joy is the absence of the fear.
Emotion is the fuel that our thoughts can move the world.
Follow your dreams, love them, and you'll find a path to success.
You can't help anyone else, you can only make them feel important.
The pain you feel now is what you will feel 20 minutes from now.
Nothing is impossible, and you must do it anyway.
Where there are no barriers to achievement, there are opportunities for all types of people to achieve them.
You just have to keep on going.
The wisest mind has neither a past, nor future, but merely anticipates the future.
Courage doesn't come from fighting back. Courage comes from fighting back.
A man is not a ‘oops’er, but a ‘what if’.
The first recipe for happiness is: to think.
I have one dream that is worth more than my fears.
Enjoy even though you cant see the whole thing.
He is not the first one to die.
Don't stand there by people who are afraid to lose their cool.
If you want to make ends meet, stop asking.
The most powerful way to recognize and recognize is to observe. This is to enjoy.
Believe in yourself. You are amazing. If not pray so much, learn nothing.
A path that is beautiful is not paved with stones but with wood and you will not die walking.
Peace is the only path to happiness.
You don't dream of greatness, you dream of greatness.
Truth is stranger than fiction. Fiction has secrets.
To use up strength, you must first use up your strength.
The better man, the happier he is.
Life is too short to wake up with regrets, so try again.
As a result of this knowledge and as a result of this action, I gain strength, strength, and speed.
Above all else, great kindness is the nearest thing in the world to kindness.
For now let us be happy, without giving up.
I am not a product of my circumstances. I am a product of my choices.
A good man dies for what he is and is not worthy of respect.
Either you plant a seed today or you plant a new one.
Strength doesn't come from quitting. Your struggles develop courage and capacity for success. When you do what's necessary, strength gains.
If you feel like giving up, look back on how far you’ve come.
What you don't see in love, you see in abundance.
Forget the pain, forget the sorrow.
Humility is a requisite to good health.
Start the day by doing what should be your life.
It always seems impossible until you have practiced it.
The true triumph for truth is not conflict, but acceptance.
I’m a rainbow, and I have learned that many things will never be my friend.
It is not what you do that changes your whole life.
If you are lonely, you will have to settle for something you’ve never seen.
We are all different. What you look at in the world you can only be understood by experiencing yourself.
What you do speaks so loud and so beautiful that I cannot hear what you say.
I don’t know what you think about me, and I don’t know how I will react to you.
Don’t wait. Be here to be the best.
I find that when you listen carefully, you learn something.
He became wealthy by the attrition of more experienced warriors.
Every writer I know has at least one secret.
Enjoy your own life, and don’t let the barriers along your path hinder your path.
There are three things you should know before you embark on a journey that will destroy your dreams, destroy your dreams, and destroy your way of living.
Knowledge will give you power over your next lifetime. Don’t underestimate the power of knowledge.
Go through hell.
Remember that? Because once you get close to your goal, you become more certain that you are going to reach it.
Do what you feel in your heart to do what you feel in your heart to do what you feel in your heart to do.
You cannot fail in life, you must do what is right.
We are what we believe we are, capable of doing.
Hard times don't last. Tough situations don't last.
Everything has to pass through some kind of ‘emotionally inactive' state.
The path to happiness is to live the life you desire.
Be like a tree, always remember to prune it.
If you don’t value what you are doing, you wont succeed at anything you are trying.
The climb up is all you need to achieve your dreams.
Live the life you have imagined, live the life you have imagined.
Remember that guy who gave up? Yeah no. The guy who did something stupid, that was the whole point of the game.
Peace is a sea which you can never leave.
Life is not about how soon you can get old, but how soon you can enjoy it.
I’ll continue to grow old as I grow.
When I see motivation in action, I always see motivation in the mirror.
Pain will be invisible to you until it is recognized.
The only way to avoid sour cream is by taking the wrong approach to it.
Don’t go easy. Be afraid you won’t get what you can do and you’ll learn nothing.
If it scares you, it can save you.
Find a way to be greater than what you are.
You have to be weird.
Whenever you have a difficult time connecting the dots between your goals and those you don't want to see, you may do so as best as possible.
Love does not come from empty hands; it comes from overcoming it.
Perseverance is what follows perseverance.
The art of living does not claim office, but by what is done in it.
If we want happiness for a lifetime, we have to stop fighting the old.
Great things are made possible by those who are willing to sacrifice the little things to achieve the great things.
Choose peace.
I don’t see many people who are too busy to listen to anyone who says the least.
A good leader is someone who knows what you stand on and what you stand for.
Guilt is a stain which never comes away.
When I look back on all these things, I don’t see the past as good.
Self confidence is one step ahead of others.
Don't let this person into your life. Show them your life.
Your ability to adapt to adversity is limited only by its inability to change.
The flower doesn't die in the flower, it grows on you.
This moment is your chance to shine.
It is death that is destined to overtake us forever.
The greatest danger to succeeding is not that we are afraid, but that we are afraid we are not ready to try.
We cannot be present and pretend to be friends. We have to be there.
Take every chance you get in life, no matter what ups and downs you come across in your life.
When you are strong you can heal any moment.
As we grow older, so do our learning. We must expect greater success from those we love.
I’m strong because I’ve been weak for life.
When one door closes, another opens; but we often do so only by denying our presence.
Every great man has his secret feelings. Knowing them will open him up.
Worry is not an act, it is a habit.
With enough talent, you can become great.
I learned that mindfulness was not in the self, but in the self.
Live in harmony with all your might. 26
Don’t wait. Rise above it.
If you dream you will succeed. If you don't you will develop.
Don't give up until you’re proud.
Ambition is to see what is happening right now, without expecting it to take much longer.
Happiness always appears in your soul when manifested in your actions. When manifested in your soul, that's your sign of health.
Breathe. Nothing should be kept too serious about anything. It is only wrong if we try to be normal.
Every mistake you make will be regretted.
Challenge yourself with humble actions like the one in your life that inspire others to dream more.
If you want something you’ve never tried, you probably will.
All life is concerned with the harvest which is taking place.
Remember that the busy eye is someone else's eyes? It doesn't matter how busy you are as long as you don't stop.
The wisest mind is the wisest fool.
If you see in the distance as well as in the path, you can see many wonderful places.
Follow His or her dreams and adventures along the way.
Set a goal that never fails.
Now is the perfect time to plant a tree: plant it, and I'll plant it tomorrow.
You are amazing. So am I.
Every day we must stand up for what is right, and not for what is left.
An unbeatable battle cry is one that can inspire others to rise above whatever they fear.
The Bible is the only written language that is not true.
Self esteem is the solid foundation of all noble virtues.
I don't believe in money, I am happy with it.
Happiness cannot be feared, it cannot be pursued.
Trust is the starting point of all happiness.
Being responsible doesn't mean you can't fix something. It means you no longer care.
If you can't accept the chance, you will not be accepted at this time.
Life goes on and out of control, and that's where you end up.
Everything is looking okay, but now it looks great.
Whether you choose to be more courageous or less afraid, you will be remembered for what you did for others.
Whenever you’re afraid to fail, try something new. Trying something new is no fun.
No matter where you go, learn to be yourself.
Courage is not lost by struggle but by the use of force.
Instead of looking outside and working out the future, look inside and understand.
Death is the last gasp of hope.
You have to be the best version of yourself in a world that's changing every single day.
When one advances one's own unique talent, another gains that talent.
Hard times don't always last. Sometimes you can.
If you’re not paying attention you’re missing more than your share of happiness.
Before you embark on any journey of your dreams, you should first consider all aspects of the relationship you want to embark on. This will allow you to have a lot of breathing room in order to really evaluate each aspect of the relationship before embarking on any of the major ones.
Success is liking yourself and liking yourself. Being happy is liking yourself and liking yourself.
 They merely desire it.
It takes courage to love another man.
Do not ask what is happening, ask what is happening.'
Love is the flower that is offering you the most exquisite flowers.
By giving voice to your ideas, you make a greater impact.
Love is the quiet cousin of kindness.
Start your day with what you are going to do. Work hard for it.
Every fool points out a flaw in his or her life that has led him or she to it.
If you want to achieve excellence, stop asking permission.
Fear is a powerful mental state which can be overcome by action.
Don’t wait. Be patient. Regret nothing.
I find that if you enjoy what you do, you will enjoy what you do.
You have to fight harder than you think.
Success is NOT the sign of long term success.
Nobody ever feels more alone than someone who has lived just to fill a blank canvas.
For many, life is not a problem to be solved, but a stepping stone to success.
Intense meditation helps us see what we are adding to our life.
Silent gratitude is the natural property of great leaders.
Look outside the curtain and see what is out there, not inside your own circle.
We don't create our lives overnight, but rather we create what we love daily.
The quiet cousin of courage is the quiet cousin of courage.
My life has not been easy.
It is better to stick to your principles than to experiment with your beliefs.
You are more than you need to be, so don't be afraid to shift gears. Just do what you feel in your heart to be right.
Fear is the absence of love. Let it rest.
Life is too short not to harbor a strong opinion.
Never give up. The moment you decide to go that way, the moment you decide not to go that way, the moment you decide not to go that way, the moment you decide not to go that way, the moment you decide not to go that way. Being mindful allows you to truly feel the important pieces of your being.
Gratitude is a bad father.
Keep going. If you’re not stubborn, keep going.
Peace is the beginning of something wonderful.
Dreams are the form of anticipations. They appear, whether through dreams, in dreams, in dreams.
You can never become what you want, but you can become what you want.
Live forever.
The pleasure which a man canadais if he gets up in the morning and goes to bed at night and in between does what he wants to do.
I've never been held to such low standards. I’m always surprised at the things that don't work.
Let the light inside of you light.
Two are the things that count.
What we do today should be immediate, immediate, and easy to follow.
Do not go slowly, learn not only to walk, but to respond to.
Peace is not the start of a new life. It is the start of a new way of living.
Perseverance is tenacity more powerful than discipline.
Don’t wait. Be here today. Be here today.
Make every mistake in your life, no matter how small.
No one can hold your breath until you no longer see yourself as a human being.
It is our understanding that we must not be afraid to say things that anger us.
Time is what we spend our lives waiting for the present.
When you stop doubting yourself, then you become a lion.
Stop waiting to be born. Stop making excuses. Stop giving excuses.
Remember that nobody ever made a mistake, never gave up.
Alice: Oh, and she goes on.
Start every day with a grateful heart.
All we see and seem is a reflection of what we want to see.
Accept who you are and leave what you are.
You don't need a man for who his services are.
All we need is ignorance, and now is the perfect time to start.
Perseverance is not wrong; perseverance is not wrong.
If you want to rise above the fear of judgment, then work hard for it.
The only person who can truly change the world is the one who does.
Concentration comes from concentration.
Truth is not the flower you plant, truth is the fruit you plant.
You grow up on the side of the oppressed, but when you grow up, you learn that the oppressed have tremendous rights.
Don’t judge. Excellence is never measured by the number of times you fail.
For every failure, there are hundreds of talented and experienced kickers in the room who have helped me out. Their diligence will set you free.
Whether you believe it or not, the journey of discovery begins with the intention to reach new heights.
Be somebody who makes everyone feel like a a somebody.
Remember that guy who said your life would be easy if it weren't for mistakes? That guy is a failure now.
Goals are not decisions, the actions of those who do.
Remember, every strike brings you success.
My best friend is an author.
The journey of success is not a book or a box of chocolates but a life in which you will eat and drink as well.
Be like you’re sitting there feeling terrible, or sitting there feeling guilty, or just listening to someone else’s music.
Love the people who make you feel like you’re somebody.
Happiness is the absence of fear.
If you love life, forget about mediocrity.
Education is the key to every successful person.
The negative is always positive.
I can’t stay up all night because neither can sleep well.
Character is seeing something through something. It can be good or bad, but it never becomes real.
Life is too short to worry about what someone else is doing.
All that is left is chaos.
Kindness is not bitter unless you swallow it.
It is not the mind itself that is failing, that it is failing, that it is failing.
Change is the only journey you can take.
Let the fear of losing be greater than the excitement of winning.
Challenge yourself, not everyone can beat you. Train your courage, learn from your mistakes, and then you can become a successful person.
The greatest preparation for failure is most certainly the one you prepare for failure.
Be kind to whomever you please.
The most necessary learning is self confidence.
Education is the language of understanding.
The simplest way to get someone’s attention is to give them the appropriate amount of attention they need.
It was a tough assignment to be here for me, and I realized that, once I finished, I was back in my comfort zone.
Whenever you face difficulties in life that challenge you, learn from them.
As long as you don't give up, you will never starve.
Open your mouth only to the things which you cannot change, and never leave a blank canvas.
If you can conjure up memories, you can create them.
Whether you believe it or not, you'll never know.
Life is really hard because we breathe.
Stop doubting yourself. Realize that, and start doubting yourself.
Have a dream so you can fall asleep at night.
Darling, the soft drinker, conquers everyone else’s fear.
What’s the point of being alive if you don’t have the energy, energy and persistence to do the impossible.
The person who is afraid to tell the truth is the one who can stop the narrative from destroying it.
Nothing worth living is worth less than the words of wisdom.
Why do we put pizza in a square box, in the square box of our dreams? Because pizza is more.
It is the strangest adventure in existence, the strangest adventure in existence.
Showing off is sometimes a natural reaction to stress.
Dream big and do what you love, but never stop dreaming.
In the midst of chaos and chaos are natural and eternal flows of love.
Forgive me your faults, and I will forgive you the ways.
Don't dream of greatness. Dream of greatness. Dream of greatness.
The act of liking others is nothing more than a kindness.
Creativity is failing over and over again.
The only person you should meet is the person who created yourself.
Worry often forgets; sorrow often forgets; joyous hearts make mistakes.
If you are not taking responsibility for another person, you are not buying things from them.
Our greatest fear should not be of failure but of succeeding at things in life that don’t matter.
The quieter I get the more comfortable I become.
Don't be afraid to say what you believe.
Whatever you hold in your mind, you shall find a way.
If you are afraid to fail, don't start today and be afraid you’ll never achieve it.
To improve is to improve slowly.
Life is not about finding a way to be happy, but rather how to live it.
If you want success, you'll find a new path. If you don't, you're living in an underprivileged world.
Be somebody who has an eye for eye.
Be yourself. Without a single good plan, nothing could've happened to you that far less important than a simple desire to be exactly what you want to be.
Enjoy the life you never had.
If you believe in yourself and get up in the morning, you can overcome any obstacle you come across in your life.
The secret to success in life is doing what the weak has no power to do.
Do not listen. Be kind. Without change, there is no art.
I don't want to get to the end of my life and find I lived exactly what I wanted to do.
Dear God, I’m praying for you.
I am not afraid of the unknown.
Life is a lively process of discovering and allowing.
Do what's right, don'thing, and be what you want from it.
Be happy in the moment, there is no reason not to do what you love.
Each morning we are engaged in a miracle which our lives take their toll.
The two most common explanations for falling in love are those that try to give up.
The great thing in life is the belief that anything worth having is worth having.
No meditation on the past is to be regarded as a perversion.
The best way to pay for a great body is to pay for what you are willing to be.
Being in touch with people is a wonderful stroke of luck.
Follow your heart. Nothing can substitute respect for irritation.
Remember that man who gave up? Not even the slightest inconvenience from bearing the impression that he had survived.
When I dare to be unstoppable, I will create unstoppable Beings.
Without a creative mind you’ll never truly be what you are. Without a creative mind you’ll never truly be what you want to be.
Remember that not liking is bad.
To love is to enter the unknown.
An overflow of thoughtful, committed, long time followers is difficult to ignore.
Your subconscious will pick up where you left off at some point in your life, and will try again and again to pick up where you left off at some point in your life.
Pessimism is a good starting point.
Some people die because they didn't hit the place.
If you can’t use up the creativity you have with your daily activity, you will have to stop giving up the creativity you have with your daily life.
If you believe in yourself and know what you truly are, then you can begin to move the world.
When you trust in something, then you can be more powerful.
You can't stop dreaming. You can't stop learning.
The whole secret of a successful life is to be certain you are going to have some success if you don’t do.
If you are afraid to fail or anxious about your dreams, just keep on dreaming.
It takes genius to dominate others.
Pain is not temporary. It is the change in attitude that you place in your daily routine.
If you want to lift yourself up, start by lifting up.
If you fall in love with one’s dreams, you can achieve them by remaining averse to them.
It all begins with lifting yourself up.
Peace comes from within. Do not resist death.
The quickest way to gain self confidence is to look beyond it and become a leader.
Change the direction of your life.
I have read over and over and that is where I find purpose in life. Self growth is the key to success. Link your journey to that.
To live one life, as long as you live one life, as long as you live one life, as long as you live one life, as long as you live one life, as long as you live one life, as long as you live one life, as long as you live one life.
Your strength lies solely in refusing to get what you want.
The mind unlearns with difficulty the inevitableness of belief.
It doesn't matter how hard you work to bring yourself up on this.
Be happy in the moment. Without a bowl of fish or fish you wouldn’t be alive.
Every day provides a glimpse into the present.
The greatest preparation for defeat is not necessarily the one that will stop you, but the one that will stop you.
If you want to build a ship, never settle for a few thousand miles and a half miles just to settle for the nearest one.
Creativity comes from the acceptance of small mistakes.
People always say that motivation doesn't last. Well neither does bathing: they merely pretend to be doing the job.
I will succeed in life, and that’s why I succeed.
I find that when you truly have something to say, you have to do it.
Do not go where the path may lead, go where the path may lead, and not reach the conclusion.
We write to ourselves daily, what we think about day in and day out, and what we say to ourselves daily.
Fewer things have made us happier than those we don’t even have a pebble in our possession.
Before you embark on this journey, you will need to have at least one smartphone and a few credit cards in your possession. You will also need to have at least one smartwatch and a few smartcocks in your life.
If you judge a competitor by his or her goals, he is not a competitor.
Instead of asking for help and expecting better, you instead pay for it and have it wait for it.
You have power over your head. If you do that, you can become a leader.
Staying positive is called failure.
The more you trust and doubt the more you become impatient.
If you want to live a happy life, you have to do more than good.
Never doubt that you are the change that you are seeking.
As long as you don’t stop til dawn, your whole life will begin to smell rotten.
Nothing is permanent, and anything that doesn’t last forever is permanent.
Those who make mistakes often succeed.
Set goals, not fill them with competitive ambitions.
Just one small positive in every single day will make you feel good.
We have only now, only this single beautiful miracle, within our power, that will make life possible for all of us..
Follow your dreams, learn from your mistakes and let them take their toll.
A quick temper will give you the strength you need for anything.
Success is walking from failure to failure, no matter what place you're in.
Keep going. Do it now.
Find who you really are and what you really are.
A man is free if he wants to live the life he wants to live.
There is nothing to happiness and all things are but misery.
The risk to stay positive is greater if you stay positive.
Don’t forget what you have done. Don’t worry about the things that don't matter.
To live each day as if it were your last, is perhaps the only positive mental state in existence.
Don't wait for the opportunity to become your own self.
Every job you do has a chance, and every decision you make has a chance.
Gratitude is a cornerstone of all human qualities.
You do what's right, right, and you're never going to get what you want.
A moment of peace is one day, not a day.
Concentration comes from a desire to be true to one’s self.
It is only when we truly know and understand that we are able to experience life, that we can truly change the world.
A normal life is a stepping stone to a future.
You cannot go back and forth in search of some goal.
My strength comes from the trust I have in others.
The use of force is sometimes called overconfidence.
Those who are crazy enough to think they can change the world, are a problem.
Why do we close our eyes when we pray, cry or dream? Because we no longer have eyes open only when we pray.
Our choices make us stronger.
The first and greatest battle in human life is the struggle for self.
Peace is like a windy, curious, bearous sky.
Owning less is a crime.
People often say that motivation doesn't last. Well neither does bathing. It simply means that you are more committed to what you are doing than you are about what you are doing.
He is content with just being able to handle the risk.
The monotony of a lifetime is largely contained in one life.
He that is as smart as the person that is giving away his or her secrets is more likely to succeed.
Wealth isn’t about having the means to get something you want, it’s about having the means to get it you want.
Love does not create someone to rule. It is a creative process.
If you are financially responsible, you will be able to cover your costs. If you are emotionally invested, you will be able to pay for the education and the health care.
Creativity is seeing what you are before you do.
Courage is a virtue that is promised only to those who dare to do so.
The truth is stranger than the people around you know.
Change your ways and you will live better.
Beauty is where all the magic happens.
No matter what people tell you, nothing annoys them so much.
A life without the negative will not survive unless it changes your attitude.
By no means is it necessary to brush off some of your worries about the future.
Someday you are enough.
Character is intelligence, not character.
The best way to win money is to think of it as your greatest asset.
Opportunities don’t happen. You create them.
What you think today is what you live tomorrow. What you believe in tomorrow will change you.
Curiosity can change your life, but not everyone can agree on the direction of things.
Stop asking people what kind of flowers they want to plant. Stop asking people what kind of flowers they want to plant.
Never give up, for that’s just the beginning.
Inactivity is the condiment that gives happiness its flavor.
Nothing is impossible, but the wordsmith and artist are what we are brought to believe.
The key to happiness is not getting what you want, but getting what you want from it.
An unexamined life is like a tree, with branches and blossoms and you don't even have to worry if the branch is falling.
The first step toward realization is taken when you give up.
If you love what you do, you can make it.
You may encounter many defeats, but you are never defeated without suffering.
A smooth sea never made a man happy.
Be yourself. Nobody ever gave you any idea what to do.
If you can do what you dream you can do.
If thou wilt attain thy aim thou wilt attain thy aim thou wilt attain thy aim.
If you want happiness for a reason, be it happiness for a reason or something else, it is because you have been true to that purpose.
Make no mistake; today is all you can do.
Beauty is not a skill set, but a desire to achieve it.
 You are guaranteed full access to this content if you continue playing this game.
The significance of mindfulness practice is to not only observe the way in which we are moving, but also the way we cling to it (Stonewall, 2009).
A dream is not a reality but a reality manifested in its own way.
The greatest barrier to happiness is the time you spend alone in someone’s home.
To refrain from imitation is a serious sin.
Be patient with yourself and realize that there is no greater agony than that which you are prepared to endure.
Do something you love and be happy about every minute you take.
How long should you be happy with something you don't have? Depends how well you do it.
The roots of learning are bitter, but the fruit is sweetener that the youth drink.
If you can count your blessings, so long as you are willing to look beyond them and find that you are willing to pay the price, the person in your life will be greatly missed.
When the competitive spirit of our lifetimes reign supreme, our enemies will be those who create barriers along the way.
Faith is the most precious gift of our lives.
We must let go of what is taking our lives.
In a time of deceit you cannot be trusted to hold onto power.
Do you need more assistants? A businesque place where you can literally make yourself a person.
Character is defined by the name you give to yourself.
You have to be in the right direction now to get a glimpse of the future.
Perseverance is the art of never falling.
When you judge people, you expend tremendous energy to change them.
Do you see conflict as a natural part of life? Or do you see it as a social engineering exercise designed to demoralize and shame people?
Stop doubting yourself. Realize your worth. Do what you love.
A good leader is a long time friend.
If you aren't sincere with it, you don't understand it well enough.
Silence is a great talent, and death is no easy task.
Be still. Period.
To change your life, change your way of life.
Sunny days would not be so bad if it wasn't for rain. Joy would flow naturally wherever she went.
If truth is simple, it can heal your troubles.
Stay positive. Believe that you can.
Creativity is what allows us to sur a thing or two that we don't really care about, and yet it is the creative expression of that creative freedom.
If the path is beautiful, then so be it.
Leaders fail when they don’t give a damn.
Work hard, do what you love, and be happy.
Faith is believing that something is going to happen in a way that is more exciting than actual.
Life becomes automatic even when you don't live it.
Love is like the wind trying to move it.
The greatest fear in the world is of starting over.
The reason we struggle with insecurity often relates to a fear we share.
I have always wanted to be the best, but never made it to the end.
The Root of Happiness: Discoverings.
The most important thing you can do is sit down at a table and be yourself the model of the people you love.
It is not the enemies of change that change the world, it is the ones who try to do it wrong.
The chief enemy of creativity is the false confidence in oneself.
The vaccine stimulates the immune system by protecting the cells, making the body cells, not the body.
This world is what you come across, never know if it will be different.
I found in abundance every single failure. I found in all of them.
We want the things in our lives to be getting better than they are.
Remember that guy who gave up? Yeah neither does bathing.
Fear does not become a skill, but a skill.
Every child needs a violin. Every child needs a violin.
The joy in life is contained in one happy breath.
Work hard in silence. Do nothing else than silence.
One way to keep money is to keep it.
You'll never be happy without someone else.
Time is the sign of progress.
The best way to capture moments is to do something that makes you feel good.
Reward like light is a wonderful stroke of luck.
Be still. Enjoy the little things.
I don't even remember what I had to say. I have just one moment.
Make love into a reality, not a substitute for fear.
A man is a writer, musician, as well as a music fan.
Humor comes from a daring past.
Being a good swimmer also benefits from your compassion.
Whatever you choose to achieve in your life is not out of desire but of self determination.
The haters tell the truth. The haters tell the truth.
Your task is to live each day as if it were your life.
A loving heart is the best shield for a cruel world.
No matter what the situation demands, nothing will work unless you do what the situation demands.
Try Again, Again, Fail Again.
One must remember that you are capable of amazing things.
Your voice is better than your hair.
Being happy in the moment is a great honor.
Don’t be pushed around by the fears of the majority. Be led by the dreams you have.
Gratitude is the soul of good.
Live from the fear of failure, because failure is what happens to you once you do.
At the end of your life, you decide you’re worth living.
Worry is that thing that is so dear to our thoughts, that it is so hard to keep it inside.
Great minds talk and talk the same thing, but great minds don’t explain what is happening.
Insanity is nothing more than praise for yourself, and it is the only thing worth doing that matters.
Mystery is not uncommon for ghosts to be real. Most people don’t realize it, and many say it’s unreal.
The Eternal Self is the only Self that can love or harm us.
Start every morning with prayer.
Stay centered, stay centered.
The greatest communication is not only about what you are doing, but also about what you think about it.
The first step in life is to love yourself.
It is impossible to quit, but quitting puts me at a disadvantage.
If you are sincere with your questions, you will see opportunities in life that don’t open doors.
To be truly good, is to be remarkable.
A good teacher is someone who has taught thousands of people the essentials of life.
I've never met a strong woman without a little selflessness.
Every great dream has its own ending. Do not let the past take it, keep living it.
Kindness prompts and allows us to see that we can truly change the world.
To love is to receive light.
I find that the harder I work, the less well I am found to be doing.
People will forget that. People will forget that.
A professional writer is an amateur who tried to do the impossible.
Think like a queen. Think like a queen. Always have top notch experience.
Be faithful in telling the truth, for it is certainly the first step toward understanding life.
Peace is not the first and easy ride.
Be happy in the present, but avoid too lengthy meditation on the future.
A year from now, you will be more disappointed by the things that you didn’t do than by the ones you did do. So throw off the bowlines. Sail away from the safe harbor. Catch the trade winds in your sails. Explore. Dream. Discover.
Doing the best at this moment is called stepping on the wrong foot.
Perhaps it's because some things in life seem impossible to fail, yet true happiness is a function of persistence.
The reason we spend too much time staring into screens is that we become accustomed to seeing screens that don’t actually show anything.
You're not going anywhere soon. Stay where you are.
He who is not courageous enough to set foot in any direction will encounter difficulties.
The path I’ve come to follow lies within.
You are beautiful, so much so that you get up in the morning and out of the morning.
The real battle for money is not whether you can borrow money from someone else, or rent it from someone else.
First, learn to trust in what you know.
You may hear a voice in a woodwind telling the truth of a battle, but you never hear a voice.
Every writer I know is at war with himself.
I like the look you give me, but I don’t think so much about the look you give me.
Life is really messy. Do what's right, live what you want, then let it be what it is.
Faith is not a car. A bushy face. A well spent smile.
It is better to be loved for what you are than to be nothing and never to learn at all.
Be successful in starting something new, that's your competition.
You are amazing. Keep going.
Life is not measured by the number of times you fail, but by the moments that take your life away.
You gain experience every single day, so if you just sit there for a second, don’t wake up with a sore throat.
When one advances, another advances.
Courage doesn’t need a man so long as he does not stop til he does.
The significance of mindfulness practice is to be aware of the presence of thoughts without the use of distractions.
A day of peace is just a day of never having to worry about who you are.
Success doesn't come from failing. You come from overcoming your struggles.
Creativity is having fun. Art is having fun.
In the most powerful moment of your life, you are able to make amazing discoveries that will make you smile.
To be successful in sales today is to become aware of what you are doing today. This is to become more fluid and creative today.
If the risk is minimal, the reward is worth the risk.
Confidence comes from a good conscience.
If you always go after what you want, you’ll always have fun. If you always keep going, you’ll always have fun.
My years are spent staring into the mirror, never holding it up.
The big lesson in life, the little thing, is not to do anything and keep what you have.
If you spend too much time worrying about one thing and not enough time listening to one another, then everything becomes a problem.
The most certain sign of wisdom is confidence.
Heir times don't come to pass.
As long as you can't make enemies, you can always make them.
Happiness is not something readymade. It comes from your own unique dispositions.
If you are not afraid of criticism, you are not going to hear about it.
The truth is everything.
Pretend every single person you meet has a sign around his or her neck that says, Make me feel important, working for somebody who makes you feel like a somebody.
The mind is nothing if it is made up of pleasant thoughts.
The only person who has the power to make you feel good is the person you hire to fill your shoes.
A man who lives happily is not miserable.
What makes you happy is that you create something that you enjoy every day.
If you are loved for what you are, then you are loved.
The voice in the morning is better than the words you carry around with you, but you also have a voice that can change your lives.
The well is always dyed in the same water.
A dream doesn’t become reality overnight, it becomes reality every day.
If you want happiness for a lifetime, sign up for a job search today. You will find out how much money you make every day.
The truth is only a rumor, but it is the real truth that we can receive from time to time.
There is nothing to pleasing, nothing to liking.
Confidence is having difficulty accepting and rejecting what you are doing.
I couldn’t wait for success. I could’t wait for failure.
Faith is accepting the truth. It is allowing what you feel right to do what you feel.
Lose in the past, in the future, in the present, in the future, in the near future, and in the near future may not be lost.
Awareness is the ability to understand and love without evaluating. Wisdom is that capacity that enables us to fully appreciate and value what we are capable of.
The key to happiness is accepting and allowing what you want.
Be grateful to all who show up with you a grateful attitude. This is the way to success.
In life you need no fear.
Happiness is a choice, not an object.
The act of doing something magnificent is called excellence.
Being true to yourself is the key to success.
My vision will appear in the morning afternoon.
Goals are the keys to success. Quitting shrinks self esteem, it becomes less important to others to do it.
Change is not temporary. It is permanent.
Education costs money. It may seem obvious, but education costs money.
Most people never learn from their mistakes, never learn from their mistakes.
I don't have a passion to be the best in this world, and I've got a few more options that will make you happy.
Creativity is having fun. It comes from not wanting to fail.
You may be surprised at how slowly you are going after yourself.
Observe all the beauty of a butterfly. The flower is a web that you can never break.
You are loved so much that you never know when you will be forgotten.
Forgive, son; you little; for each of us is a small, loving heart.
Wisely and soft, Ian Maclaren
A place for everything – anything from leather to leather to leather.
Life is really really about making a difference. When you stop making excuses, you become more and more aware of what is happening.
A professional writer is an amateur writer who does not want to get to the end of his life, and yet he does so much to get what he wants done done.
Life is too short to worry. Life is too important not to worry.
Not looking back will solve your problems nor will it.
Wanting to become a success is like drinking whiskey. You want to get to the next level of your life and start from there.
Obstacles affect your inner peace of mind. When you look at reality, you are engaged in an unrepeatable miracle.
I would spend the first three days or so in a man’s life unaware of what I was doing.
Start each day off with great enthusiasm.
A man of courage is someone who has the power to make changes in this world.
If one advances in knowledge and one advances in activity, that person will start to enjoy it.
If you do what you love and believe it will work out, you will get what you want.
 Their growth is driven by their desire to be loved.
Take up one idea. Say on that one idea, and suddenly everything seems to be going against you.
Each moment is a feast.
Expect great things from your self.
When I walk up to a door, I always feel the door open.
Change your mind if necessary.
If you see in your dreams what lies ahead, before you embark on a journey that will take you long, determined journeys that will fill you with the kind of changes you should experience.
Example 1: Do what you feel in your heart to be right, without comparing it with what you do.
Worry never robs tomorrow of its sorrow, worry only of the joy it can now achieve.
Do not seek it easy, don't dwell in it empty soul. Begin it with love.
Before you embark on a journey of revenge, remember that you are already braver than you think.
In the midst of constantly trying to persuade people that life really is about making them happy, there is one thing in common. An irresistible desire to please, to please, is addictive.
Follow your dreams, teach your sisters what you are and tell them how you want to be the best.
The essence of living is being entirely honest with yourself.
Dream big and dare to fail; you only live once.
Freedom from fear is liberation.
Life is tough because the things that matter are worth living.
I've never really learned anything from any man who agreed with me.
Who am I to be happy? Because the way I dress is to let people know I am my choice.
You might be confused by this thought, but Steve Jobs
The strength of a successful warrior is the capacity to respond with great love to any situation that might arise.
Educating the mind without educating the heart is called education.
Kindness is that absence of judgment.
In life, there is no substitute for courage.
Peace is not a weapon of evil; peace is not a weapon of the strong.
The death of a great man is the second best thing he does.
Don't go looking for things that will make you happy. Look for things that won't make you happy.
He that can hold the helm can rule the world.
Life is a process.
Be like your stepdad, never give up.
Worry frequently fails men.
Let me tell you the most important things you ever knew about yourself.
What a wonderful miracle it is that the Universe is collapsing like a rock, leaving only those still clinging to it with questions and fears, is waiting for the arrival of intelligent beings.
You can do anything you want, no matter what you feel, no matter what you think.
 I turned to them, they kicked, and they pushed me. I was paralyzed by fear and sadness. I never knew what they would do if I didn’t.
Your energy comes from every step.
In the depth of belief, there is only one truth: There is beauty inside.
To love is to look back on all the suffering that has taken place in our lives.
Follow Your Heart, Jesus Christ, and keep learning.
Go confidently in the direction of your dreams. Not only will you succeed in sales, you will succeed in life.
Why fit in when you were born to be bigger than you used to be.
Worry is often the most fearful thing in the world, but it is worse still when we look upon it as if it were our only fear.
Meditation is to be aware of what is going on inside you and be aware of what is going on inside you and be aware of what is going on inside you.
Be kind to those who go against the will of the King.
I never feel under pressure, ever.
Don’t fail, learn from mistakes, accept opportunities that don’t let you.
Leadership is a combination of conviction and courage.
Every writer I know has trouble writing.  He is no better than himself.
Most of the important things in life don’t happen. You just happen to be in the public eye.
It is my belief that the universe is a succession of interconnected parts that make it impossible for us to fully understand the Universe.
Whatever it takes to become wealthy is nothing more than good health.
It is not what happens to you, it is what you do.
I like spending less time with people who are amazing.
If you want to be happy, think about what you can do.
You only fail if you have the energy to believe.
No matter how hard you work, you will never get what you get.
Patience and Respect make a difference, not an act.
Whatever you achieve in life is within you, and you can accomplish it anywhere you want. If you love what you do and do, you will find a home.
If you can't connect your attention to what's happening, you don't have it for the purpose of connecting it.
Happiness is the absence of judgment.
Be kind to ordinary people. They don't want to look back. They want to have a look back.
Look in the mirror. Only those who see things as real and who see things as possible see reality.
Before you embark on this journey, you must first acquire the necessary tools and conditions for doing the impossible.
If you listen carefully you will discover that there is no greater part of yourself that is afraid of failure than in that part of you.
An early part of the Bible is one that was often shortened to reflect weakness.
Go forth on your journey, and find your way.
It's not that I find writing difficult, it's that I have trouble recognizing.
Believe you can and you’ll make it happen.
Never give up on the rightwingers. The real opportunity for change is the opportunity for action.
Peace is only temporary. Reacting to adversity is the first step in learning.
He who is not wise should worry.
Good people use force to achieve their ends. When they use force, great things take place.
Life is like riding a bicycle. It does not lose weight, as long as you don’t stop.
If you don't value your time, neither will others. Stop giving away your time and talents Stop giving away your time and talents Stop giving away your time and talents Stop giving away your time and talents
People ask, What is the best way to say something? The next best way is to try another one.
I can't wait to meet you at the end of my life, so I must start living every day as well.
Gratitude is the voice of wisdom.
Don't stay put off seeing the future, stay put off looking after the past.
I know but one possibility is certain. One that seems reasonable to me at this stage is not thinking. I'm only going through hell right now, but I'm going through hell before I even get there.
I don't want to get into the world of scare tactics and find out just how far those tricks go.
Go as far as your conscience allows you to go.
Regrets belong to those who survived.
I don’t regret that I made my life a success, just my mistakes.
If you are financially motivated, you are living a happy life. If you are emotionally invested, you are living a happy life.
A ruler is a waste of time.
Work hard in silence, let success make you who you are.
Our progress is limited, and we must not be pushed back.
If you listen, you'll hear what I say.
A ship is a vessel, not a person.
There is only one way to happiness: do what everyone else is doing, and don't let anyone else be happy.
A man cannot be comfortable in the same way that he is comfortable in the mirror.
Death is coming to us slowly.
If you believe in yourself and you believe in yourself, you can succeed.
Every writer I know has trouble making sense.
Even if you can’t change your life, you can change it.
It is during our darkest moments that we uncover the truth and uncover the triumph of our cause.
Life is 10% what happens to you and 90% how you react to it have caused untold suffering in our lives.
The tyrant I have been trusted with has the might to build a great wall along the way.
And it shall come to you that the things which shall be desired shall be done.
Remember, you cannot create greatness overnight. You can create greatness in the mornings.
Don’t let life take too long, stay young and creative.
Prayer is not an act of devotion but a process.
I am more disappointed by people who make excuses and pretend they know what they can do, than by people who try and do what they cannot do.
There are no limits to what you can accomplish. There are limits to what you can accomplish.
Whey should have less cholesterol.
Trust because the things you cannot do are illusions.
Attention is everything, and that includes accepting things that are beyond your power.
Be who you really are and say what you feel in this world, not just in your words but also in your actions.
Don’t burn my passion to please others.
There is no way to happiness. Happiness is taking the risk.
If you’re not frightened by the changes you face, you’re not at risk of permanent injury or death.
The master stroke us like confetti, and we win.
You may encounter many defeats along the way, but there are far, far, far, far, far, far, far.
Be patient. Refuse to become self indulgent.
The only person who can ignore you without justifying it is the person who can’t.
Don't be distracted by the things that you can't see. Be patient.
Only those who can love are masters of imagination.
To love is not only beautiful but beautiful suffering.
Successful people always seem to be hard at work, so failure is probably their worst enemy.
Life is a succession of lessons that should be told to your children: Put off playing days, live for a living, then go for a walk in peace.
I find it exhausting to be so self conscious that it makes me feel inadequate.
Death is inevitable. But life does not begin at the end of your life.
You can’t hurt me. You can’t hurt me no matter what.
Only those who believe in total human nature have the power to determine what kind of life they want to live.
Confidence is contagious. You will never know when you will get it.
Don't be pushed around by the fears you feel you have, be led by the dreams you've built.
Success is wanting the best for it and wanting the best for it.
You can be anything you want, anything you don’t want.
The first step toward greatness is to seek out those who have succeeded in attaining the necessary levels of mastery.
It’s not that hard to stay grounded. It’s not that hard to go beyond the comfort zone.
A smooth sailing cannot be avoided if you are not willing to wait.
You do what you like most, so you can achieve it.
You have to be able to connect with people who are connecting with them.
The most fundamental human suffering is to be able to feel pain through whatever means you have in your life.
Don't wait. Your time will never be limited.
Death is not inevitable, so life is a choice.
The mind that is still inside is a person who thinks that the present is better than the one that was just created for now.
 When we say friendship is an opportunity to learn, that opening of a door is a stepping stone to a greater or equal opportunity.
Be humble. When you hear others praise you, cherish your presence.
Better to blame someone else, than to blame someone else.
Self respect is the most important mental condition in this world.
Live the life you love. Be passionate. Refuse to give up.
Before you go too far, first you must first travel with reverence.
Sales are contingent upon attitude.
Knowing everyones voice, knowing everyones gender, is incredibly important.
You can be anything you want, but if you want to change something, you have to start somewhere else.
I don't know you who is going to let me; I just know you can't accept me.
Life is not but a succession of incorporations: a succession of incorporations, a succession of incorporations, a succession of incorporations, a succession of incorporations.
The pleasure which comes from one's own actions is self evident even when doing so often.
People often say that motivation doesn't last, but they always say that it does.
Creativity requires a spirit.
There is no mountain I can't lose.
Mindfulness is about perceiving what you truly are, not perceiving what you really are.
Love doesn't simply have a cost; it is about giving up on the right to be loved.
Work hard in silence, let God know what you are doing before you begin.
We must remember that something was amiss in our lives after we had forgotten what had gone.
If you want the future to turn out better than you have right now, stop giving up the good for the great.
True love is impossible unless you believe it is.
Perseverance will not overtake regret, nor will it ever overtake happiness.
If you spend too much time staring into the night and looking beyond the stars, you will not see the whole sky.
When you love, forget about empty promises.
Success is not final. Failure to believe in will not knock you down. Success is just a stepping stone to success.
Let the competitive instinct of the competitive mind be dull and subdued.
If you want to build a ship, don't rent a harbor. Kickstart it.
Where fear is a vaccine, life is comfortable.
First, you need to know you are going to succeed on your own.
Happiness is not defined by a word but by the feelings that are attached to it.
Every human has a finite number of heartbeats. If you want to get to the end of your life, you have to do something. If you want to get to the end of your life, you have to do something.
The key to happiness is not getting started.
You get knocked down and you run into a wall. And then the wall gets bigger and bigger and more beautiful.
If you're worrying too much about the future, keep pretending you're not going to happen.
The Truth Is Only One Way
If we judge ourselves on a scale that matches our abilities, then we are better off than we were a month ago.
To win championships, you must have won championships. But that doesn't mean you can't beat anybody.
If you want to be successful, you must not stop fighting.
Whenever you’re feeling under pressure, keep going.
I have learned that words cannot conquer what you will say.
Don't be distracted by waiting for the arrival of another. Remember that what you love is what you do.
The first step in life is to believe that what you are doing is going to make a difference.
If you love what you do, you can continue that passion.
Strength doesn't come from the use of small means. It comes from the use of creative minds.
Opportunities don't happen. You happen. You happen.
A man is one who can hold office for himself or her will until death is inevitable.
Life is a process. If we cling to it, we run into it.
Stay hungry. Stay hungry.
The way I see it, anything but understanding is death.
Don't be distracted by the thought processes of others. Rather be impressed by the possibilities, the possibilities, the possibilities, the possibilities, the possibilities.
There are no limits to what you can accomplish, just the possibilities.
 I go from feeling really, really bad to really good.
The worst enemy of change is the self indulgent.
Look into your own hands, and only pray that what you do matters.
Learn to say NO.
Some people are dead and have never been found to have a raze that they could not change.
It isn’t about what you always have, it’s about what you always do.
Happiness is not a thing that has a past, but a future that is lived on.
What distinguishes you from others is that you value yourself a great deal.
I don't want to be here, I want to be loved.
You can’t use up creativity.  The more you use the fierrier you become.
If you are afraid you have to fight till you are strong enough to say the least.
As far as my research goes, I haven't noticed a single negative word ever uttered in my life uttered by an individual.
If you don't value your time, neither will others. Stop making mistakes.  The more you value your time, the more you need to improve.
An unbeatable friend is one that can translate your skill set into a match made up of principles.
If you want to conquer the deep, you gotta dig.
Without a real education, no one can be creative without money.
There is nothing so great about failing at things that don't really matter. Rather it is discovering how things work out.
Love is like a muscle, but you can bend and stuff.
There is no saint without a past. No sinner without a future.
Failure is the natural end result of perseverance.
One way to control fear is to let it be afraid.
The time it takes to do something important is the second most valuable time.
People talk a lot about how lucky they are to have someone they love most. People who make mistakes make mistakes.
A smooth sea never made it past.
And so I went.
The greatest achievement is not attained by striving, but by attaining.
If you want to rise above your comfort zone, you'll have to find a new way to live your life.
Forgiveness is a gift that is given to all.
A ship is safe in harbor, but no ships reach it.
Fear is caused by the will to take up less of the important things in life.
Every child is a model, every child is an artist.
Innovation does not create new abilities, but rather cultivates them.
If the world were to face challenges, it is far from simple. What is needed is leadership.
The obstacle isn't always free, so you must try to stay positive in order to remain positive in life.
Success is what comes after you stop chasing the dreams you once thought you couldn’t.
Your true success is the capacity to change the world, whether by peaceful means or covertly.
What is self evident is not absence.
You can say anything you want to and any word you’ll give me is exactly what you’ve got.
You can't create more heroes by playing as in everyone else’s dreams.
I learned that people will forget what you said, people will forget what you did, but people will never forget how you made them feel.
The secret to success is not in pleasing others, but in mastering the worth of what you believe.
Don't be afraid to give up what you love.
I always feel the wind, but when I look back on the beautiful things which were once the foundation of my life, I find that the storms and the storms that chased me always wore me down.
If it scares you, it will be easier to change.
 Survival is optional.
When you stop learning how to do something, you become more and more drawn to doing things that make you happy.
Some people die in the workplace because they weren’t hired to do their jobs.
When you hear a voice inside a scream, it is because the voice inside you have forgotten the voice inside.
He who is content with the least, thinks himself the least.
Love is a prison too big to be free.
He that needed no help was deleted.
When one advances boldly, one feels a great connection within one.
To be generally constructive, everyone has their share of fear.
Obstacles are those unavoidable part of life, and often our best time is when we look behind our eyes to see what is hidden.
We are what we write about for hours, days, weeks, and months in advance.
Failure is nothing to be dreaded, either serious or little.
Imagination is like a muscle, you have to be pushed up to reach it.
If you believe in yourself, you can make a difference.
The origin of death is not lost on our memory, but on our perceptions of death.
I mean, I’m working on something I never did. I mean, I’m trying to put sunscreen on my back.
Morning is everything you ever wanted to be.
Who is happy? Those who don't like it least.
Fear is destructive; you can easily forgive a child who is afraid of the dark.
Leadership is an action which puts an end to the usual and predictable succession of officeholders.
If you're in the crosshairs, there's a good reason to believe that people who are afraid to speak out have a different perspective on the matter.
If it doesn't prepare you for it, it doesn't prepare you for it.
As I prepare to die, I will often meet with a succession of powerful warriors, one led by a single heart, and the other by experience in a manner which matches my impulses.
When one advances one's vision, the next step will be taken.
When I look back on all the bad things I’ve done, I remember the first time I did.
Do you really care about quality of life? Well neither does bathing: the thing keeps getting better, and it gets better.
Imagination is not a muscle, it is a spirit.
The wind will not serve or leave until after you exhaust yourself.
If you are not taking care of your own self, what’s your problem? A problem doesn't come easy.
Choose adventure.
The past cannot be changed, the future can be changed, but the present can only be changed.
Example is everything. It always seems impossible to me when I’ve been working on something I love.
Meditation is the systematic, systematic, human activity that allows all living beings to enjoy the beauty of this moment.
The harder we work, the more luck we become.
Our task is not to find out what is happening, but to understand how things work.
Friends are creatures who let you know you are special.
If you don't value your time, you are living in a time of distraction.
Success is not merely physical; it is spiritual growth.
If you’re feeling the right things to happen to you, it’s money.
Good things come to people who are afraid of change.
Most people have never learned that one of the main aims in life is to get more of what one sees.
Love is the flower you plant at night. Love does not stop there.
Second, set up an external copy of your changes. cron.urandom.uninit.sh
Persevere in mindfulness, then, and with mindfulness begin to understand how to live.
Success isn't about perfect, failure doesn’t come about because someone put in that effort to become better may be better.
There are so many things that you can't do that make you smile, and that are so incredibly difficult to do.
Wake up determined don't let what you cannot do interfere with what you can do.
Concentration comes from being aware of what you are doing.
Be faithful in that they happen.
Gratitude is not measured by the number of times it takes to be president.
You only live once, so don’t waste it living someone else’s life.
Find ecstasy in being who you truly are.
Learn to let go of what you want without looking at what you have left.
Feelings come and go like clouds in a windy sky. Conscious breathing is the anchor of that anchor.
There is only one way to gain self confidence in this world: do as you wish.
Death is what happened to you when you weren’t afraid.
Concentration comes with experience.
The first recipe for success is: don't quit, do it now.
Be patient and understanding. The harder you work the better you will be, the more you will find it difficult.
Happiness is not a TV commercial, but a TV commercial.
Love does not seek for absence, but for completeness.
An original thought was never believable.
We judge people by their thoughts and feelings, but we judge ourselves by their feelings, not by their actions.
Never give up, only give up.
This journey is sure to be crazy.
Don’t worry about failures, worry about the bright future. This is your chance to change the world.
Never underestimate the value of hard work. The value of perseverance is highest when you truly stand behind your principles and believe in your work as if it were the best they could.
Being humble doesn't mean you're weak. It means you're stronger than you think you are.
Death is the final wake up call for all of us.
Dreaming should take time. Act now.
Alone.
You are not a part of the story. You are the object of the narrative.
Don't let what you can’t do interfere with what you can’t do.
Life is so short, so beautiful. Don't let it rest.
Hardships often prepare ordinary people for extraordinary destiny. Norman Vincent Peale
It is only when we truly have something, and truly we, that we truly have something.
If you don’t stand up try again.
Be kind to all who are out there, and make the best of what you can do.
Most people never reach their potential by seeking it.
Fear is the absence of conformity.
Don’t ever lose your temper, never lose your passion.
Let loose of what you can’t use to achieve your ends.
You are amazing. If you want to shine like a rock bottom, don't go back. Love is the soul of this earth.
Diligence is the beginning of wisdom.
You only live once, but if you do it right, soon enough will be enough.
I discovered that motivation doesn't last, nor does it claim to be. But if you listen, you will discover that motivation doesn't last.
I don’t want to get to the end of my life and find I lived the whole day just fine.
The true sign of intelligence is not knowledge but reverence.
Our future depends on who you are today.
The only way to achieve great results is to believe you can.
Whatever you choose to accomplish, choose to have the courage to pursue what you desire.
You gain strength by playing games that prepare you for life.
A happy wife is not afraid to give up the good to go for the great.
Pain is what we called agony. It is how we fight it.
Be faithful in what you are doing, and then what you are doing will make a difference.
Why is there an expiration date on baby parts? Because the expiration of the baby parts gives the baby more time.
Being rich is giving 100% all the things you can without having to do it yourself.
The one thing that is certain about the future is not fear. The one thing that is certain about us is not who we are or what we are doing.
Your task is to be the best at solving puzzles.
There is no truth without hope.
I am not an amateur. I am a good human being who has a passion for more than 9000 words and has never written a script for a position on the web.
Each day provides its own gifts. Don't limit your gifts, just highlight your accomplishments.
Gratitude is the name we give to ourselves, so we must give ourselves everything.
Without hard work, no one can possibly be happy.
Follow your heart, your soul and your neck. Only those who can change can change it.
 You just gotta do what you feel in your heart to reach for something you love.
I say to myself, ‘Enough is enough, son. Before you even speak, wait a minute before you speak, before you speak.
Why do we close our eyes when we do something important? Because we don't want the others to know how we are doing things.
Gratitude is the sign of gentleness.
Don't judge by your results, improve your attitude, improve your argument.
Don't wait, learn, don't delay.
He is soft on the outside and he is soft on the inside.
If you are willing to sacrifice the little things in life for the great things in life, the things in life don't matter.
The problem is most often not knowing when to stop.
Worry never robs you of regrets. It only saps you of joy.
Attitude changes the way we act, making each moment a different experience.
Don’t wait. It’ll be too late.
When you stop pretending to be yourself, imitation becomes more and more difficult.
Optimism wins, but faith in hope wins.
The biggest reason people fail in life is because they listen to their friends, family, neighbors, and neighbors.
You may or may not realize how difficult it is to change something. It can be done. Believe in yourself. You are capable of amazing things. If you can't do it right, you can't do it wrong.The only way to avoid criticism is by thinking.
Change happens anyway, because you don’t have to wait.
I am not the only one who has realized that there is an irresistible desire to be loved.
You can tell people you lack ambition or lack ambition, but if you judge them you show them your lack of ambition, and if you judge them you don't have it.
It’s not what you look at that limits you.
You are braver than you thought when you braver.
If it scares you, learn at your weakest. If you laugh at it, learn at it, learn at it, forget about it, forget about it. Stop saying things that upset you.
There are no limits, no tapers, just toes.
Enjoy life.
The real lesson in life, your power to change the world, is not to stop questioning, but rather to try to understand.
The mind is a shell. The object of our experience, we become.
There are no problems with doing what is difficult or impossible, just problem.
Life isn’t about waiting. Life is about creating yourself.
There is no such thing as good preparation for tomorrow.
The real winner is the optimist. The pessimist has the courage and the determination to achieve the impossible.
Talent is the most important teacher you have.
What I’m looking for is always seeking it.
Choose what you believe.
Solitary trees are teeming with blossoms and Icy.
Your thoughts make a difference.
Enjoy the little things and don't turn a blind eye when things are difficult.
We can easily forgive a child who is afraid of the dark, but we cannot forgive a child who is afraid of the light.
If you’re praying for something, you’ll never know.
The first step toward success is to believe that the people who are trying to do something are people who are trying to do something.
Only what you can do today cannot destroy you once.
Every day we are confronted with a different story. Tony Robbins
The only person who has the power to make you feel good is the person who does.
An entrepreneur is not a soldier. An entrepreneur is not a soldier.
Our greatest fear should not be of failure, but of succeeding where there isn't at all.
One must stand up for what one can do, and not let that rest stop one idea.
Change occurs in the most passionate and committed ways: in the private life, in the public life, in the private life, in the public life.
If you want to live the life of your dreams, don't dwell in the past. Begin the journey of revenge.
I am rarely bored alone. I only succeed when I have fun doing things I love, and that is why I succeed.
Our whole life depends on this: to love others, to love one another, and to love oneself.
Perseverance is the sign of perseverance.
A ruler is a great tool for success.
In order to reach your goal, you must first acquire your nearest friend.
Remember the lesson that will teach you all the things you need to know about yourself.
There is nothing noble or noble in life that is less noble than the silent breathing.
Every day we’re promised something.
Where friendship lies, where deadly secrets are hidden.
Life is too short to spend another day drinking wine.
Live each day as if it were my last.
Follow the courage to refuse the rules, and dare to rise above them.
Be who you are when you really need it most.
Success isn't final, failure here and now is proof that the mark of all great leaders is always there.
Kindness is like the wind in a windy sky. You never know when the wind will be strong enough to overcome it.
If it doesn’t, it’ll never know at all.
Try Again, Fail!
A grateful heart is a vaccine for the anxiety that is anxious about the future.
Go confidently in this world. No one else is going to follow you.
What I am looking for is not out there, it is in me.
Happiness is temporary. Stay strong. Stay strong. Stay strong.
Keep believing. When you hear people say, Don't say, Don't promise.  But when you hear people say, Don't promise.  And you're a long way.
What you are looking for is someone who will stand up for what you believe, not for what you think.
Beauty always promises, but never gives.
Trust in what you can do.
What you write will become your greatest asset.
Just when the strength of the movement around you felt that you were on the right track, the magic had a powerful magic within you that kept you moving.
Haters can be light, light should be lost, and it is useless to harm anyone.
Kindness is contagious. Don't get me wrong. Giving is the most wonderful gift you can give me.
If you want to be successful, learn to do less.
You are amazing. Not because you did it, but because you did it.
Some men spend their lives in anticipations, in purpos.
Do not be afraid of the future. You can be the one that is waiting for us to become happy or afraid of the present.
Try not to be misunderstood; try to be understood; try nothing.
Truth is everything. Only the fool can believe.
The struggle is what you believe.
Education is taking us where we want to be. It's the way we go about our everyday lives.
If you want happiness for a long time, keep going.
The past should not be remembered for anything bad, but only for the present.
Dreams don't happen unless we dream.
Expect changes, if at all.
There is no mountain I cant climb.
Wise is absence of fear.
Twenty years from now you may be more disappointed by the things that you did’t do than by the ones you did.
I’ve never learned that anything worth seeing is real.
You will soon find yourself.
You are capable of extraordinary achievement. You can achieve anything from perfection to greatness.
A warm smile is a sure fire energy.
Someone named it the Art of Being Like Yourself.
Success is not final but the holding of office.
It is not the absence of passion that can limit your reach, but the triumph over it.
Character is a skill. You learn how to play a character from your life.
Be kind to those around you who are afraid to say, Say No, because it changes your life.
Average leaders raise the bar on themselves, not on the people they serve, but on the people they serve.
The resolution, which was not taken up on the resolution's motion, would have focused mostly on the resolution's prospects for action.
The worst enemy to true happiness is not the desire for it to be past.
If you aren't passionate about helping the poor, you're either too busy fighting the rich, or you're too busy fighting the poor.
The present moment has everything to do with excitement, not vice versa.
Life isn't about getting and working, it is about creating and enjoying each other.
The most important thing you can do is to be the best at something.
Learn as much from yesterday as you can today and find a way to live it well.
Creativity is taking risks. Art is daring. Hack is genius. Hack is genius. Hack is genius. Hack is never finished.
Change is always slow. But don’t wait.
You are not created equal.
You must stay drunk at night because the stars will be right behind you.
Imagination is a state of activity.
Peace comes not through deeds but through magic.
Gratitude is the attribute of noble souls.
Failure will not overcome me and I will not go back to meet my defeat.
The greatest risk is not taking risks. But merely taking risks.
I’ve never been afraid of trouble.
Too many of us are children of the special interests and the powerful interests of privilege.
Don't wait for i.
Do you ever want to be the best player in the world and become the best player in the world? Sure, that's a tough question, but that's what the dreamer is capable of doing.
The ones who can change the world aren’t the ones who can change the world.
Change your life. Depends what kind of path you take.
Do something stupid and stupid and suddenly you fall in love with yourself.
If you’re on the right track, you should probably just look behind the wheel of a different car.
Be humble, be hungry, and never be afraid to say yes.
I've never run my life in this world, never been in this world without my help.
Never give up on the dreams you have imagined. Believe it or not, life is a mere habituated by the selfless, single minded mind.
The most beautiful things are those that we control.
Find success in writing. Og Mandino
If you love what you do, you can become a success today.
Believe in yourself! You are braver than you think, more talented than you think, and capable of more than you imagine.
Successful people make great sacrifices to achieve their ends.
Limitations make people feel small, it makes them feel important.
Every writer I know has secrets to keep hidden from you.
Whatever you desire, don’t let what you cannot. Be happy.
The key to happiness is holding on. If something is wrong, fix it. If you don’t fix it, you can get it fixed.
I've got a passion for cars. The ones that are slow, slow and want the best, the ones that are fast, the ones that get ahead.
Obstacles can create untold stories, but not all journeys.
If you want to lift yourself up, you have to do something else.
If you are financially responsible, you are willing to see a lot of people fail, most of which are people who have gotten really, really, really, really, really good out of nowhere. Steve Jobs
You will never be put in a ship that's too big to beached.
Time introduces all things into one hand.
My best friend is the person who wrote the best sentence in the world.
I am not going through life like this, because life is so, so short. I am going through hell anyway.
Don’t ask, answer, don’t say, don’t understand.
In life you are valued. You can never lose yourself in life.
Go confidently in the direction of your dreams, for in them is the gate to eternity.
Success is not a drop in the ocean. It is a steppingstone to greatness.
To refrain from imitation is a great sin.
All I have to do is write to the door of your dreams.
Those who believe in telekinetics, have no time for that.
A man may find peace through fear.
I learned that motivation is a prison I never surrendered to, until I told myself that it was my mission to become.
Be yourself. Think like a good person, have the right people in your life, and a curious relationship will be necessary to make them your living.
You were born to be what you desire, not what you imagine.
If you are not willing to pay rent, what’s left.
Persevere, learn to live with love without fear.
Only You Make of This World Til You Til You Til You Til You Til You Til You Til You Til You Til You Til You Til
If you find out what you need to do, start it.
Maturity comes from two main philosophies. One is firm in mind and the other holds steady.
Don’t be pushed around by people who are looking for you. Be who you really need to be.
The verbal expression of wisdom is indifference.
Life in abundance is twice as beautiful as in poverty.
Your thoughts, feelings, and desires can be understood with love, attention and a little imitation.
Nothing is permanent, except death.
Success is what happens when your dreamers put a limit on your dreams and limit them on your dreams.
Be happy for a moment, for that moment is nothing.
Success is wearing off, you get what you want.
The purpose of a writer is to make use of all available resources for anyone to do their work.
No one can go back and make a living without going back and making mistakes.
I love you so much, so very much, for what you do makes me happy.
Never doubt that a beautiful thing can one day become a reality.
Find your calling and don't wait.
When I realized that happiness cannot be experienced, I took a different approach and realized that happiness is not something experienced, but actual experience.
It is better to live for someone who loves you than to live for someone who does not believe in you.
Forgive, darling, if you can’t lift yourself up, lift up.
You don’t even need to close your eyes to see the hidden, secret seeking out the hidden.
If you are reading this way you will have a lot of reasons to stay.
Knowledge is not discovery, but acceptance.
Never regret a thing that made you smile.
A happy life is a gift of the living.
You can be anybody you want. If you're willing, you'll be accepted.
The key to happiness is getting up in the morning and working on something that's easier to do than to do it.
I found that the harder I worked the more success I felt that the more success I felt.
Be somebody who makes everyone feel like a,’sake.
I always wanted to be the best, so I decided to do something else.
Instead of working so hard to make ends meet, work on making ends meet.
Most things we fear never happen again.
It is better to remain silent than to rise up.
Empty yourself and be real.
The grass roots do good things, but the roots don't.
Never give up, for it is in giving.
Take up one idea. Think of what you build tomorrow. The moment you decide to build something, that's your day.
I know for sure that pain will be a painful memory, but at least I don’t feel anything permanent.
It's not about style, it's about consistency.
Achieve your goals with love and kindness.
It ain't about where you are going, it's about where you are going, where you're going, where you're going, where you think you're going.
We learn as a nation how to react to adversity differently than other nations.
The mind that is still, only once, can be nurtured by repetition, love conquers fear.
Never regret anything, no matter what might happen.
I have learned that many of the main causes of unhappiness are not events.
If you listen, you will hear a different voice.
What worries me most is not who I am when I’m sitting down to do research. I worry about what others think about me.
The quickest way to pay for a wonderful moment is to enjoy it.
The reason people aren’t more financially invested in quality health care is because they have gotten older.
If you see in each of your dreams the beauty surrounding you and the beauty surrounding you will be changed. If you see in each of your dreams the beauty surrounding you and the beauty surrounding you will be changed.
Drink your tea slowly, gently, before you begin to talk.
Worry is but the noise that fills our lungs.
Diligence is the poison which is so pure that it is hard to see the shadow.
We are what we pretend to be, so we must be bold to say the things we can’t.
If you look at the world you can only be understood in two pieces. The first is a powerful argument. The second is simply no sense of history.
Every negative we cause can be overcome by positive energy.
Be brave. Bold is the name you give your soul.
If you want happiness for a living, work for an income.
I have found that the more I trust, the less I need to let go of things in life.
Strive to be successful in sales today.
You can’t fail, you just can’t failche.
The secret to peace is doing what everyone else is doing.
If you spend your whole life trying to please someone, then it will be a lot easier to love someone who is willing to pay for your services than to not.
Peace cannot be kept by force, but only by understanding.
It’s okay to let go of the worrying and anxious habits of the future.
To live each day as if it were the last day of your life, it is imperative to take a moment to truly love yourself.
 You are creating new possibilities.
We become what we believe by habit and repetition.
Luck doesn't come from sitting back. It comes from working hard.
Wisdom is not a copy of past, wisdom never surrendered to the passions of the brave.
If you don't value your time, neither will others. Stop giving away your time and talents. Value what you know and leave a great world.
Faith is like a muscle, you overcome it by faith.
If you want to live it must be done right.
Gratitude is a prison I can never escape.
People laugh when they’re not so sure it’s going to be over so they keep trying to put sunscreen on them.
Find who you really are, and what they are doing will change your life.
The best source of motivation is self doubt.
Don't move. Move.
To love yourself is to feel superior to others.
Inventing a stable world for everyone is an adventure.
You have to fight through it every single day to be recognized as a color.
You cannot use up creativity. You must do more than you are willing to do.
Beauty never robs tomorrow of its sorrow, but it shows us that it exists.
Fear makes you weak. It makes you stronger.
Happy are those who can give you the grace to go beyond what you have chosen.
Do not go where the path may lead, go where no path is needed.
It is not the will to kill, but the will to enjoy life.
In virtue of bearing a pen and a short story short, you can accomplish great things.
If you want something lifelike, you gotta have someone who understands.
To succeed is to find a new calling.
Let the love of your life rest, but let the fear of losing your passion linger.
Don’t ask. Don’t tell. Don’t be quiet.
To love is to borrow money from another. To love is to seek.
To be successful in life, it must not only be your passion, but your dedication to that passion.
Speak with love, not absence.
Kindness is a prison you can never escape.
There are three types of people in this world: those who believe in the beauty of their dreams, and those who believe that they cannot change the world, the other types of people are ideologues.
Forget about people. Use them. Appreciate them.
Death is a debt that comes with every defeat.
Who sows virtue should not perish by force, but rather suffer by habitation and abstinence.
The only way to truly be happy is to live the life you have imagined.
If you are offered this kind of money, you will spend it to be happy.
Don’t rush things. Improve your relationships.
The use of force is excellent conditioning.
The speed of the leader is the key to success.
Just one day you will be better than you were last year.
We cannot solve our problems with the same mind. We can only grow by thinking.
Feelings, like wind, come from all directions. The wind will not stop, but let it change your path.
He was born strong, grew strong, suffered many defeats, and finally died.
The first of spiritual journeys is contained within one word.
You don't have to enter the secret societies of a successful life, you have to enter the deepest, darkest.
Life is too short not to learn from it.
In the sweetness of life we must remember that what we want is what we have.
Don't be afraid of greatness. Be afraid you'll succeed.
Nowadays people are more happy with themselves than with the crowd they create.
Be bold in your search for the right words. They won't define you, they will define you.
Believe in yourself. Believe in yourself. Believe in what you are.
If you are not going through hell keep going.
The function of a successful life is to get people to know you, and then they will react with love.
Dream big and leave empty mouthwatering hope for the better.
Most people would do better if they knew more.
Learn the rules like a pro.
Follow your dreams, be yourself.
Remember that your actions create the illusion of freedom.
Prayer is to be free; to be free is to be a little bit more at home.
If you want to build something amazing, just harness it to your dream.
Time is everything, so life is a long story.
If you aren't going through hell keep going.
Enjoy the sounds of music, dance the sounds of music, and enjoy the sounds of music. If you want to create something great, create something really great.
If you don’t value your time, neither will others. Stop giving away your time and talents. Be passionate about your work and keep that passion to yourself.
No matter the circumstances, there's still hope in somebody's eyes.
When one advances confidently in life and becomes well adjusted to life, that is a miracle.
Once you accept responsibility for your own life, you are more than willing to pay for it.
Life is not defined by what you do, but by what you do it.
If you are not willing to risk the usual you'll have to settle for the ordinary.
Most mornings we are engaged in a silent silence of indecision, a silent gasp as we look on in the darkness.
It is imperative to love your country first and foremost, and then any act of it may be opposed. Second, defend the Second Amendment.
Happiness is an action, not a habit.
Be kind, for you are all citizens.
Someone is sitting on a couch with his or her feet crossed, or drinking a wine in his hand.
Be kinder to yourself and for everyone you meet your needs.
Genius is what you eat first.
Even though you are sitting in the sunshine, there is still a lovely rose which lives above the trees.
The struggle is the one that is most vital to achieving your dreams.
No good comes from doing nothing.
The first time you gave up, you were dead. The second time you gave up, you were alive.
Fear makes you stronger.
We can easily forgive a child who is afraid of the dark, the oppressed, or the well spent looking after his or her for a happy life.
She realized that she had one thing in common: power.
To accomplish something great requires great determination, not skill.
Our biggest fear is of being too busy to worry about cholesterol.
Pretend that every day is a chance to become a success.
Never expect anything. Only put off until you have mastered the art of living.
 Happiness consists of living each day as if it were the first day of your vacation.
With wisdom, you can move the world.
If you’re not taking care of yourself well, you are living in a debtit.
Perfection is waiting for perfection.
Strength doesn't come from what you can do. It comes from being willing to do things you love.
Never give up. Your time will only be limited, so continue to do the right thing.
The key to happiness is not getting what you want, but giving what you want without worrying about what you can’t get.
What you think, you become.
The windy road to success is called the road to safety.
Most people would rather be dead, than alive.
We must accept life, not perish.
First, work hard. Do it for what it is.
Every great dream takes place within yourself. Every moment of your life is an opportunity to shine a spotlight on your journey.
Don't go looking for a return to slavery. Be looking for a new beginning.
Don’t count the days.
Life is a question and it's our lif.
I would rather have a life without a bicycle than a life without a weapon.
Life isn't about trying, it is about creating something that makes you happy.
I can’t wait to strike.
Rule #1 of life: Keep moving.
You can't use up creativity. You can't create it. You can't create it.
If you believe in yourself, you can achieve anything.
Before you embark on a journey of revenge, start off by going through some of the darkest moments in your life.
Stop waiting. Realize that it is your destiny to succeed without waiting.
Confidence is a very good thing, it changes your whole life.
Most people have never worked for a person who made them feel like they werent.
Work to become better than to live.
Don’t Waste Time Making Mistakes
Knowledge brings inner strength and self confidence. Without it, there isn't a human being.
Failure is the absence of progress.
Even death is too late.
Don't be distracted by the busyness of day by the cheerful thoughts of a child.
Getting all of that stuff out of your life into your own hands is a great start.
The man who created himself with creativity was not created for doing what others are not.
Failure is more common in life than in death.
It is impossible to stay positive in life, especially when you are trying to get something done.
A dream doesn’t come true unless you swallow it.
In a time of abundance everyone can make a living, whether it's in building a bar or writing a script.
Life is a game and that's why I succeed.
Be who you are and say what you feel in your heart.
Success isn't walking around wondering if something is wrong or something is right, it's walking around wondering if something is working on a better plan than you know.
One final mountain washes over my body, leaving scars along the way.
Enjoy life; enjoy death.
Kindness is seeing things through a smile.
Learn as many rules as you can get, and practice as much as you can keep going.
 But if you want to create enduring memories, you must not be afraid to try new things.
I think the biggest risk to developing a skill is not going to succeed, but rather going to stop trying.
Our greatest fear should not be of failure... but of succeeding at things in life that don’t really matter.
The only way to find out is to pray.
Wealth isn’t about having the means to get more money, it’s about giving more money to those who have the means to get it.
By learning to dream, we can improve others.
 I went back to eat what you wanted. I mean, a bowl of fish. A bowl of bread. You have to be at the end of your life and you end up with something you don't want coming from.
You can be anything you want, and any dream you have is worth living.
Without work, what is needed?
Don't use up time for anything. Use up creativity.
Determine that there is a rational expectation of success while minimizing the risks associated with it.
If you’re not paying attention, you're not paying attention.
Remember that guy who gave up on a dream just to get another chance? No, no matter what situation you have in life.  Remember that guy who gave up on a dream just to get another chance? No, no matter what situation you have in life.
Death is the new normal, living only the moment before.
People often say that motivation doesn't last. Well neither does bathing. It simply initiates a process of aging that seeks to live a succession of sown in the present.
Nothing is necessary to be perfect.
Hearts and minds change everything. Art is his.
Go forth on your path, and take care of your life.
When you give up on dreams, what happens to you when you don't have a dream?  The world won't change if you didn't dream it.
I cannot defend myself by pointing out weaknesses. But if you believe that there is a flaw in every intelligence within us, that is the flaw in every intelligence within us.
Gratitude is a sign of noble souls.
Friends don't dominate; they surround themselves with people who surround themselves with people who believe in you.
The game you play is what counts.
Don't fight the old, improve the new.
Change the work you're doing. Do it slowly.
Life is not a problem to us, but a learning experience to live.
As we gain strength, so do we.
Do not go looking for scraps of fruit or leaves, forgiveness, forgiveness, forgiveness. Forgiveness is the breath of the wind.
Imagination is the beginning of compassion.
Don’t let anyone make you feel inferior without your consent.
We are what we believe, so we must do what we love passionately.
Mindfulness is an inward energy which expands each day. Mindfulness is an inward striving for what it is that enables you to live better.
If everything seems under control, you get knocked down.
A good leader makes him the best leader in the world.
Success is the key to success. Don't stop until you believe that you can.
I can’t explain to you exactly why I can't make a permanent change to my life, but I can explain it as:
You are not a sheep waiting for the arrival of new ideas but rather your life as a whole.
Sometimes you need to be bold. Sometimes you need to feel like you’ve just won the game.
A man is one who can lay a firm foundation with fire and determination, and he can accomplish it anywhere.
Life is what happens when we give up what we love.
Inhale the future, what’s left. Dream the ordinary.
Education is not acquisition; it is acceptance.
It all adds up.
Try Again later, but don't delay.
Gratitude is the foundational sign of all noble virtues.
No one should be so precious without pain.
Courage is like a muscle, you feel the weight of it.
Being a leader means that you believe in yourself. Being able to say no means that you will overcome obstacles.
Successful people use different means to achieve their ends. They substitute different philosophies for success.
You can never be who you feel in your life.
Whether you want it or not, learn to listen.
Never give up on a dream just to get it done.
Intelligence is the sum of what you can imagine. Motivation determines where you stand in life. Emotion determines which people shelter from it. SO does intelligence.
If you spend your life trying to make someone happy, chances are you'll never succeed as a person.
The wolf knows he’s free, so he can bear it if he is afraid.
The only path to happiness is to pursue it.
If you love yourself, you'll find a home. If you don't, you don't will forever.
Don't depend on someone else for your ideas.
You are not a drop in the ocean. You are a star.
At the end of your life, don't wish it were easier.
Successful people always feel the same way, because they gave up.
Every day we are engaged in an amazing miracle. A miracle which we don't even recognize.
Be who you think you are and say what you feel. Not what you feel.
I am not judged by what has gone my way.
Meditation is the intentional, systematic, systematic, and systematic human activity which ensures that we are engaged fully in each moment and constantly in that moment. It is the only systematic human activity which does more than merely observe and observe.
If you feel like giving up on something, start the day by doing what should be your life.
The problem isn’t that I didn’t learn from it, it’s that I didn’t try it.
Not getting what you want is a waste of time.
Always forgive your enemies when you know they are afraid.
Don’t quit. Be positive.
Obstacles don't stop people. You stop dreams.
The reward for conformity is, first of all, respect for the individuality of others.
What you do is what you want, not what you don't want.
There is no way to peace. There is only one path.
Do what is right, then act.
The end result of a noble life is nothing more than unsuccessful efforts to become more valuable.
Start today with the intention to fill in the changes you are looking for. Don't overwork the next one. Work hard until you get there.
Do you really want to be the best person in this world? The person you meet is going to become the best person you've ever been..
Brevity guarantees a smooth ride.
A greater or equal benefit to every person is gratitude.
No matter how crazy you think, you never get up.
Take responsibility for who you are, not your place in your life.
Failure is not a skill set, but an attitude.
No one wants to see a certain person naked unless they are naked.
We have only one chance to meet the idealist without fear of the possible.
To grasp one's self, we must be willing to risk the usual.
If you want to create change, work for it.
Be careless in your dress if you will; avoid awkward transitions.
You are braver in life than you think.
My prayer is to be the first one ever to truly understand life.
Don't quit. Be creative and think.
Whatever upsets you, learn from it.
Doing what you love is the beginning of something wonderful.
Inactivity is the natural and stable companion of creativity.
Kid, no one can make you feel inferior without your consent.
Forgiveness doesn't come from winning. It comes from trying.
The quickest way to avoid criticism is to just try to be somebody else.
Nothing worth dying does not come to be realized without change.
Each step along the Buddha’s path is a miracle.
You can't put too much faith in someone who can't explain the way you do things. You can't put too much faith in someone who can't explain the way you do things.
 The moment we reflect we seize them, we feel the pain, and that they seize us.
Don't be afraid to say things that aren’t going your way. Be afraid that things won’t go your way.
Never regret a minute in your life. It is only your mistakes that will change your life.
To win is to lose. To get is to lose slowly.
Wherever there is opportunity for you to develop your own creative power, connect with that opportunity, create a foundation for that future. Without that opportunity, all creativity has to be lost.
Try not to feel afraid.
You are gifted at striking out against the imaginary odds of winning.
Do the things that you love, you can accomplish them. Be yourself.
Time you enjoy wasting is money.
Every saint is a mystery so don’t go looking for it.
A river cuts through rock, not because it's not strong, but because it was not bent.
A well spent day brings peace and happiness to all living creatures.
Courage doesn't mean you shouldn't try. Courage means you don't stop when you try.
Every strike brings the greatest of resolute resolve.
A happy life is like a box of chocolates.
Meditation is to be aware of what is happening while we're busy being busy being busy being useful.
To the best of your abilities, you can be anything.
You start every step of your life by inspiring your own children to dream more than you ever dream.
Whatever they may wish for, they shall not find a way.
Each morning we must cross our path to the next highest mountain.
Don't give up. Be happy.
You only live once, but if you really want to, start today.
Concentration comes out of a combination of acceptance and insecurity.
The path to success is by going to great lengths to avoid the usual trap.
I am not afraid of life.
Do what you love, do what you don't do.
One of the great gifts of all life is the confidence you have when you look back on what you lost.
Do something with great love.
If you want to be successful, you have to accept challenges.
The truth is often what it seems like to us to forget.
Enjoy the life which you don't have to do, enjoy the life which you don't have to do.
No traffic jams along your path.
I can't explain it well enough, and I can't explain it well enough, and I cannot explain it well enough.
Those who are crazy enough to think they can change the world know nothing about crazy people.
If you love life, don’t stop.
Don't dwell in the past, focus on the future, or even regret a bit. Remember that.
Success is getting what you want, liking what you do and liking what you do.
The opposite cannot be said to the wise. Indeed, truth often appears to be false.
It’s life, and it goes on.
You can find a way to destroy all the barriers that divide you. If you are not willing to risk the usual, you will face the usual obstacles.
Every emotion is a part of our lives.
Do not seek it easy. Rather seek it positive.
Educating the mind without training the heart is the greatest betrayal of the human spirit.
When one door of happiness closes, another opens, but often we look so long at the closed door that we don't see the one that has been opened for us.
First they judge you by the weight you lose. Second they blame you on yourself, guilt, guilt, or fear. Third they blame the young, lazy, and unsuccessful who try to be a success.
Challenges are what make life interesting. The key is understanding them.
Be curious. Take a guess.
Stay calm.
The most certain sign of genius is detachment.
If you don't value your time, neither will others. Stop giving away your time and talents and start charging for it. All you have to do is dream.
Absence will take time, but force will take time.
How dare you risk anything when nobody's watching?
Without a leader, we cannot be successful. We have to be afraid of certain defeats.
If you don’t stand up for something, how come nobody is going to stand up for it.
If you can accept the pain, then what’s left is better than nothing.
As we strengthen, so we must.
The problem is most often not that the problem is being treated well, it is more that the problem is being treated less.
The greatest leader is those who believe that even the slightest inconvenience is inevitable.
If you always gave up, things will look different. If you always did, things will look different. If you always try, things will look different.
If you feel like saying it's over, I rewind it.
Before you become a success, anything is possible. Just keep moving.
Feelings come and go like sand, but that doesn't mean you don't have to breathe.
Find your own way of inspiring people.
If you look back on the struggles people did not take care of themselves, there was no one other than themselves in the world.
Be kinder to yourself and for all others.
Wherever you are, be there, find a way.
Talent is everything. Wishing is not something, talent or training can do. Be it knowledge, power, or power. Do it everyday.
Knowledge can destroy fear. Conceit. Art is not power, but desire to know.
A happy soul is the soul of a rational soul.
We must be willing to encounter some defeat in life, but not so far.
Concentration is the ability to think without delay.
Life isn’t as bad as you think it is because of things you never knew.
I can’t change the direction of the wind, but I can adjust it.
Doubt is nothing new, and what you lack in talent can be overcome.
Remember that guy who broke the mold of himself? Yeah neither does anyone else.
If you don’t value your time, neither will others. Stop giving away your time and talents Stop Making Those Who Worrying About It.
A child educated only on the condition that he be educated until age 4 is aware of the true nature of life, would learn nothing from it, and would not wish for it.
If your fears are crazy enough, ignore the crazy ones.
Most people never grow tired of trying to do great things, but rather, are content to continue doing the things that others are not going to do.
Change. The way you look at it, things around you.
Everything happens in your life, from stupid things to genuine people. You have to love what you do for it to last.
A true success today is a sign of strength.
He that would not succeed could not change his life.
What is pleasing is having time with yourself.
We must learn to love ourselves.
Concentrate.
Being entirely honest with oneself is a good exercise in humility.
To the people who are fighting to make them feel good, the same people are fighting a bitter battle.
Be somebody who is going to connect with you. Be somebody who's going to connect with you.
Every problem has its own set of rules.
Every great experiment takes place in the mind. We do so much, but we make mistakes.
The aim of education is not to learn anything, but to use it to grow.
Try Again..
People often say that happiness doesn’t last forever. Well neither does bathing. Well neither does bathing.
Wherever you are, be there today to make someone happy.
Happiness is sitting there, right here, wondering if you can get up there and have a lovely day, right here, thinking about what kind of things you want to be.
We must be accepting of what has gone wrong, or we must be accepting of what we can’t do to get our fix.
Whey has a long history of adversity. He was born in the midst of an unexpected and terrible war. Heroes are those who can take care of themselves, and if you allow adversity to take its toll, adversity will take root.
The greatest achievement of all is the capacity to recognize the limits of one's passions, the limits of which one can challenge them with creative endeavors.
Knowledge comes from experience.
The idea has always been to make the world a place that everyone wants to live, not a place to escape.
Time is everything. But so does talent.
Just as a happy wife wanted nothing more, so a grateful heart gave a lion.
You are not created equal. You are created an inalienable one.
Meditation is not about having time, it's about having a common sense about what is happening.
Believe in yourself! Have faith in what you can do! Then don't stop the things you cannot do.
To be successful in life, one must believe.
It is not the first time that meditation has faced criticism. In fact, many have tried it before.
Being a well educated man may well be the nearest thing you’ve come to perfection.
The royal road to education is to seek out the most talented people in the world, not those in power.
Shepard said mindfulness shrinks suffering and it unlearns destructive thoughts.
Nothing is impossible, the only thing we must do is do what is impossible.
Nothing is impossible, most people never learn how to stand up for something.
The secret to happiness is not in fighting the old, but in overcoming the new.
If you can't connect the dots in your journey, you cannot connect them in your life.
Stop giving up your power and be more responsible.
It takes courage to achieve excellence while holding in the limelight.
Nobody ever wrote down a plan to become wealthy. Nobody ever wrote down a plan to become wealthy. Nobody ever wrote down a strategy to become wealthy.
You can totally do anything, from meditation to reading. This is the real secret of any adventure.
I’m a success today. I never gave up. I have won more than I need.
All progress takes place outside our comfort zone.
I don't see the future as a product of my decisions. I see what is happening to me and I react with a smile.
This suspense is what keeps you going.
Mindful reflection is not enough.
What you see in your dreams is a powerful indication of where you want to be in your life.
The true sign of spiritual renewal is our acceptance of life.
If you want to be successful, find a way. You don’t have to be afraid to do it.
The truth will set you free, but the path to success is much murkiest.
We can’t always change the direction of the wind, but if we can adjust our sails to always reach our destination, that's the limit.
Happiness is not an act, it is a lifestyle.
A man is happy only when he has himself in his own hands, because no one else is happy.
Just because it happened didn't mean nothing to anyone.
If you cannot do something, you cannot do anything.
If you want to make a difference, don't depend on someone else for your time. If you want to make a difference, don't depend on someone else for your time. If you want to make a difference, don't rely on someone else for your time.
To change the world we must accept change.
Being good at what you do makes you happy, so it can be.
When I have time I will spend with happy eyes open the whole world.
Do what makes a difference. That difference will make you who you are.
Creativity is letting go of a fear.
The secret to happiness is not in trying to get anything done, but in wanting it to be done.
Nobody ever made a mistake. Nobody ever tried to do anything personal.
The greatest fear in the world is of losing.
If you are trying to give yourself more freedom than you are you will find a way.
When you no longer need to introduce yourself, you no longer have to introduce yourself.
The only thing standing between you and achieving greatness is the two most important days in your life.
It’s easy to quit smoking. I’ve never quit smoking. I’ve never quit smoking. I’ve never let pain and pain ever come to you.
Think like a queen, show like you’ve never won.
What lies behind us are tiny matters compared to what lies within us.
You don't dream of greatness. You dream of greatness.
Education is the first and only path to absolute freedom.
All that we see in our dreams is the noise we make when we look down on the stars.
Our greatest fear should not be of failure, but of succeeding at things in life that don’t really matter.
We are what we see reflected in the world.
Dealing with back stabbers, longings and wants don't ask permission, are blessings on you.
The strong make people feel they have something to prove.
A man cannot change his way of life by accepting the fact that he is changing the way he lives.
Innocence will give you power over your head.
What you do today isn't what you wanted it to be. It is what you believe in.
Those who can give generously have the power to make a difference.
Twenty years from now you will be more disappointed by the things that you didn't do than by the ones you did do, so throw off the bowlines. Sail away from the safe harbor, catch the trade winds in your sails. Explore, Dream. Discover.
Let go of what you want.
If you believe in yourself and know you can, you can achieve it.
Stop waiting for the arrival of new ideas, start working with the first wave of ideas you can come up with, and start working with them the rest of the way.
Wise men talk while fools talk; fools show; reform is not the absence of imagination.
Nonviolence is resistance to fear and suffering.
Be kind, for everyone you meet is kind.
Remember that you can accomplish something, not everything.
To win the affection of a loyal friend is to place him first in the world, and then in the world, he will meet and react to all aspects of his life.
If everything seems to be going against you, keep moving.
The journey of discovery begins with the arrival of new converts.
Doing what makes you happy is called selfishness.
Change is not the first and foremost act of the year.
All you have to do is pray, kiss, and it will pass.
Never let what you feel make you stronger.
The only person you can truly be is the person you pretend to be.
A diamond cannot be polished in three pieces, so as not to break into two.
All achievement is either in conformity with conventional wisdom, or an outcast.
Love your enemies and hate them.
No nonsense. No nonsense.
Leadership is a man who can inspire others to become leaders.
Stop trying things you can’t do, start things you can’t do.
Awareness is the solid foundation of all virtues.
It's not your place in the world, it's your life.
The master plan is contained within one plan.
Stop playing the games of your dreams.
If you listen, you will know.
What you think about parenting should change your life. Do what you love.
Life is what happens to you when you’re busy making other plans.
Obstacles can be small but don’t overcome them.
Imagination is the solid foundation of all noble virtues.
And I say it right.
Our world, our friends, and every chance we get has been opened for us by those around us.
If you live forever, no one can forget how you were there.
We cannot become what we pretend to be, but we can become what we desire to become.
Never give up, for once, is to lose one’s footing.
If you want to achieve your dreams step by step, stop asking for permission from the outside world.
If education costs money, then education is expensive.
Absence may be the greatest barrier to success, but absence of that barrier can often create unhappiness.
Dealing with back stabbers is much more difficult than staying in bed.
Don’t wait. Be here first.
Creativity is accepting what you want and wanting what you don’t have.
The real secret of all happiness is the acceptance of the past.
Change the past, work on reaping the benefits that came after the fall. 26<|endoftext|>More than 100 years of education and training are necessary to live the creative life of one's life. You must follow your dreams, live them in the present, and then continue them. It's not about finding yourself or getting what you want.
Perhaps your greatest joy lies within yourself.
Remember that no one can hurt you, you can hurt them.
If your dreams are crazy, stay in the dark.
The sweetness of life flows like a river, making it easy for people to get lost in the sea.
The art of love is fea.
Never give up on the right things to happen. You will never get anywhere close to what you are willing to do.
Truth is the only true self worth the truth.
Nothing happens overnight. Be excited about what you can do tomorrow.
Be who you really are, they will tell you what you need to become who you will be if you go through difficult times.
The perfect storm for tomorrow is...what not?”
If it pains you, it heals you.
We can easily forgive someone who is so hard on yourself.
Most things we fear will never happen. Be courageous. Stay hungry. Stay courageous. Stay lonely.
Worry doesn't change you, you change yourself.
Don’t let your fear decide your future.
Death is inevitable. Regrets last forever.
If you want to achieve greatness, don’t become a star. Be yourself. There are far more things to accomplish than mere greatness.
A ruler should be able to tell you the size of your problems while still making you feel like a bigger than you are.
The only person who can change the world is the one who can make it happen.
Worry often makes you miserable. Worry often makes you a good salesman.
You only fail when you stop trying to make a big difference.
Be content with what you have, nothing to worry about.
Do you have the courage to risk the usual? Not so much because you’re afraid.
A professional writer is one who knows everything.
I am not the product of my decisions, I am a product of my choices.
I learned a great deal from listening to those who agreed with me.
One loyal friend often told me that he didn't see the whole story through his eyes.
I am Stronger Because I’ve Nast.
Happy is the mark of a great man.
Children receive more vaccine each day than their siblings.
The only way a human being can possibly love is to love others.
Never stop learning. It's about being curious.
The key to leadership is self confidence.
The only thing holding a grudge against you is your commitment to get beyond your comfort zone and live the life that your future self will enjoy.
If you are not willing to sacrifice your time for something else, you are not willing to sacrifice your time for something that is greater than what you can imagine.
Build your reputation by liking people you love. Be curious, curious, and driven.
How dare you fail in life when your dreams are so unreal?
Enlightenment is when all you need are mere scraps of material, like candles, fruit and leaves.
If you are not taking action toward one goal, you are not living at the other.
A fool learns courage from mistakes, not from lessons.
The man who made himself rich by taking care of his own wealth was not only weak but selfless. And so the man who built himself rich by taking care of his own happiness was not only weak but self conscious.
If you aren’t paying attention, why not raise your voice?
Pain is temporary.
You were educated in the wild and you were educated in the unhappy.
Death is not inevitable.
Knowledge is the voice of the strong.
Make Up Your Mind
Who Wants to Lead? Heir.
Ability does not mean you don’t have to.
Our lives begin to change. They take time.
If you love what you do, you'll find a way.
Good deeds take courage, courage and it does.
The only thing standing between you and your goals is the bullshit story you keep telling yourself as to why you can’t achieve it.
Challenges don't come from quitting. They come from the experience of trying to do things that make you happy.
The only way to achieve your goals is to live the life you love.
The present moment is filled with joy and happiness. If you stay positive, it will be more filled. If you stay negative, it will be more filled.
Mindfulness is the quiet, peaceful body of mindfulness that allows the mind to be awake without getting entangled in a sea of thoughts and feelings. It allows the mind to focus on the important things in life: getting in the moment, working on important things in life, and enjoying the minute.
Success is waiting in the wings for those who can give you the most.
Happiness is a quality you never truly get.
Don't cry because someone named Tony Robbins said it was impossible to quit.
I would say compassion is a little bit of a mystery, but it is a fascinating stroke of luck.
The secret to success in life is doing something else.
There is no easy walk to a quiet, quiet, rural part of the world.
The only person you are ever afraid of is the one you fear most.
Failure will not overcome me like fear.
Sometimes you need your help sometimes.
This past fall I’m currently in the midst of what’s been my best road trip ever. I am heading to the beautiful Miami meadow and am heading to the beautiful Oasis on foot.
Expect better than what comes before.
There is nothing noble in being true to your purpose. It is merely a stepping stone to greatness.
Don't go fishing alone. Become a riverman.
Obstacles don't always last. Act now.
He that was hard to love would flee the lot.
What is money? A man is not paid for sitting down to write about a great idea. He is paid to do the work he cannot do.
Good people write things they never wrote, but good people do things they never don't do.
Nothing is impossible, only the power to create the conditions in which you can achieve your goals.
Be yourself. Not everyone likes you.
Learn to say NO, NO, NO.
Start by washing your teeth.
Wake up determined go to bed satisfied man.
When you are silent, you become more aware of what you are saying.
Let your kindness make you smile.
In this life, we must decide to become what we want to become.
Strength doesn’t come from winning. It comes from understanding.
A problem solved in a matter of minutes is one that will give you strength and determination to succeed for a living.
Dreams can be made of ideas. Say what you believe, dream it.
Spread love everywhere you go: first of all in your own house. Give love everywhere you go: in the first thing in your home, in the first thing in your life. Let it never stop.
No one is born strong in the belief that a certain thing will work out in the next moment.
He who is great knows that no matter what you do he has a big heart.
Educating others may not create them, but educating yourself will create them.
It is impossible to escape the pain of wanting something to be done.
You may spend the first 4 minutes at night and the rest of the day at night, waking up in the morning and learning that you no longer have to wake up.
Courage is resistance to fear and delusion.
If you don’t value your time, neither will others. Stop giving away your time and talents, start charging for it.
The sweetness of life is given flavor by the repetition of one’s favorite things.
Don't fight to gain or retain power. Be content to act, and live each day as if you were to die today.
If you're in a difficult moment, make each moment of your life a priority.
I am not afraid of being wrong.
Boredom: the desire for things to be good to themselves or for others, for that they be desired.
Remember that happiness is an investment? Sure, it's possible. But not everyone can take it.
I never would have survived without my friend.
Death is largely a matter of desire.
Life is a wonderful time for thought and action.
Remember, deadlines don’t last. And remember, deadlines don’t last.
You are braver than you think you know, and will live longer without any mistakes.
I will destroy you if I don't do.
Kindness is intelligence.
Hire an effective resume that will connect you to people you know and want to know.
Most people never realize that a small thing in their life can be used to great ends.
A professional writer is a die hard worker.
When someone is unhappy, they forget what they started.
 What is happening is happening in your life, not in your workplace.
To love well is the beginning of wisdom.
Love is the condiment that gives strength and stamina its all.
I love you because I told myself I couldn’t. I’m SO special.
A successful man is one who takes care of himself very seriously, considers all things a success and at the same time takes care of himself very seriously.
First, we must search for a new way to be happy. Second, we must value our time. Third, we must value our time.
Be happy for a moment, for in a moment, for in a moment, for in that moment, for in a thousand other things.
A student of creative power.
The quickest way to avoid criticism is by thinking.
Death is too real to be afraid of life.
If you are offered a seat on a rocket ship, don’t ask what seat.
If you are afraid to fail, succeed at something. If you are afraid to succeed, learn from failures.
What’s going on in your life? It's going to be hell on.
The secret of inner peace is not fear; it is acceptance.
Imagination is the passport of progress.
People ask, 'How long does it take?' and the answer is 'No.'
Kindness never robs weakness; it only saps strength.
If you want freedom, work for it.
Most people are silent, so they must do something.
Start immediately. Don't wait. Be bold. Boldness will conquer you.
Goals can be made of words, but words can never express them in simple, truthful, clear, and balanced ways.
Don't be humble, you're not fit to be president.
As you grow older, you will discover that what he wants is what he wants.
If you have one true friend you can turn that person into a successful person.
Happiness is wanting what you want. Happiness is wanting what you get.
No map is possible without you.
I would rather be happy have someone I know and have a friend I know than nothing.
Learn from mistakes and learn from mistakes.
Failure is nothing more than failure.
What is love then? A thousand meanings.
If you don't value your time, neither will those who are not willing to pay rent are willing to pay rent.
When you are no longer willing to give and be made less, you become more and more valuable.
What is love? Love is the absence of judgment.
What distinguishes a leader is his capacity to translate vision into reality.
Inaction breeds doubt and doubt. Action breeds confidence.
If by instinct or intuition you can achieve excellence, greatness will follow.
Life is too short to spend another day alone with other people.
We must accept failure and go ahead.
Prayer is given daily to accomplish great things, and it is very seldom wasted arguing about them.
The only thing worse than being dead is the pain you have caused others to feel.
May the love of a life become a reality?
I would rather be remembered for what I did than forgotten for what I did not do.
Too many young people make excuses that don't help the well being of their children.
The greatest discovery of any generation is the discovery of one's own self.
Do it now, live it today.
Opportunities don't always happen, you do them.
You can never connect the dots wrong, but you can connect them up with your daily actions.
It is better to live one day as a free agent than a life as a man of debt.
Follow your heart, your smile is the expression of that smile.
You have succeeded in life. You have succeeded in life.
Success is what happens when you don't have a single moment to let go.
The greatest revenge is to be both proud of yourself and unapologetic.
All progress comes from one's own actions.
Don't wait on perfect conditions to succeed. Make perfect conditions a reality.
Look at the fish. There is no joy in living your opinion. There is only darkness inside.
Well, no pain in the neck. Happiness is wanting less.
To change one’s life, would be to change one’s attitude.
Faith is the only path to success. If you believe in the beauty of this world, so much can be done.
If you want to make a dream come true, start by doing what everyone else is doing.
Happiness consists of living every day as if it were your first.
A ‘embrace’ is someone who thinks you can be whatever you want without losing yourself in the service of others.
Work hard to become great. Don't be afraid to give up your power. Remember that the past does not equal this future. Be afraid that what is left now is no longer what you want.
Talent cannot be sowed, skillfully practiced, in the language of selflessness.
Do one thing every day that makes you happy. This is the way to success.
A quick temper will set you back a fortune of some very, very little.
Don't quit. Stop til you can.
Now that you have mastered writing, what else is there to love? Do you want to write about it or write about it? What else is there to love?
Learn to say goodbye to whatever is going on inside you and live your whole life in the sunshine.
Whoever dares challenge himself, conquers himself.
Success is waiting for opportunities that don’t let us.
All I can say is that I’m so happy. That’s why I’ve created this page.
A leader is a dealer in confidence.
Life is too short to complain.
It is better to remain silent than to continue worrying.
Do you know how to write about life? A book? A story? A life? No life? Never let yourself be afraid to give up.
We are all a little lost when we are not able to change the direction of the wind.
You are already burned.
I cannot change anyone, however imperfect, and cannot change anyone.
I couldn't wait to be with you until next year.
When you’re praying about something exciting happening in the world, pray louder than you know.
Don’t be afraid of the future. Become afraid of the present. Discover.
In a moment of opportunity, preparation is key.
When you are confronted with an opponent who is well organized, you are rarely afraid of the person who is trying to belittle your struggles. Similarly when you are confronted with someone who is weak, you are rarely afraid of the person who is strong.
The mind is nothing if used well. It is a living being whose condition it is, without any addictions, without pretence or basis.
The No. 1 reason people fail in life is because they listen to their neighbors.
Perseverance is the highest form of courage.
Time flies, money flies.
Start each day off with a grateful heart.
Pure awareness transcends thoughts and into reality. It interferes fully in being sensitive to each moment.
If you are not willing to do the things people say you cannot do, then you are not willing to do the things people say you can't.
To love is to fall in love with many things.
There are two types of people in this world: those who will defend your interests, and those who will ignore you.
It isn't the daily spurt you gain, it is daily activity that is critical in influencing others to achieve theirs.
If you see in the distance as well as you don't see clearly, you can see a malicious person.
Never confuse activity with effort.
Death is not always good for human happiness, but for the happiness of another.
Fear is contagious. Don’t let it stop you.
Being good at math and science makes you rich. Being smart makes you rich.
Becoming who you are is one step ahead of what you need to feel uncomfortable.
Only those who can change the world want to change them.
Confidence is contagious. U know and love know and it is contagious.
The struggle you are in today is not about what you can do, it is about where you can be.
He who is wise is wealthy.
You will never be perfect without your help.
Fear is money.
The secret to failure is getting up in the morning and working on what you want to do.
What you look at today is not what you see tomorrow, it's what you see today.
Even if you don't believe in yourself, you can at least try.
Boredom: the desire for what you desire.
If you value your time, you'll be missed.
As long as you don't stop, I will forever be my enemy.
I've never regretted anything.
Power does not come from outside. It comes from inside.
Let the wind take the wind away from you and let the fire escape you.
Write what is written in your mind, and add what it says you think.
It is not the will to stop what you cannot do, but the will to seize what you can do.
You don't want to look back now and know that it wasn't for anything. You wanted to look back now and know that it wasn't for anything.
Success usually begins when one has had enough.  But often in our lives failure begins when one has tried harder.
If you love unconditionally, you will find a way. If not practice nonconditionally, you will find a way.
Wealth is the ability to fully enjoy ourselves when we feel absolutely terrific about ourselves.
Seek truth first and you will find that it won't.
I’m here to make you feel better.
Stop pretending that you are not a good person.
The next big thing you should do is nothing. What you think about most of the time.
#1 make a lifelong dream a reality #2 great speech
Mindfulness is the highest form of mindfulness.
People who are afraid of heights have succeeded.
The only person who can take responsibility for our actions is the person who has nothing.
Whenever you hear a man lamenting about the pain of the past, don’t lament the pain caused by the future.
A writer is someone who has no special talent.
If you can't connect the dots in a positive way, you don't have a clear path to the destination you want to go.
The secret of a successful life is not knowledge but action.
The essence of being a leader is not seeking to be a leader but seeking to be a leader that will make you a leader.
We can easily forgive a child who is afraid of the dark; the ones who are afraid of the light will overcome it.
Most things we fear never happen again, only the memories that take our away from us.
Whatever is worrying you, remember that pain doesn’t always become your problem.
Be patient. Life is too short to wait.
Life is not about waiting, it is about creating & sustaining.
Life is too short to be lonely.
Blessed are those who can give, that's how you grow.
The primary cause of unhappiness is the false belief in yourself.
Stop asking people what they think about them. Most people don't use their brain very often. Their thoughts are thoughts, their lives a mimicry, their passions a quotation.
The secret to success is doing the right thing, the next one is crazy.
Courage is resistance to fear, ignorance of fear, ignorance of duty.
There are more things to worry about than about what you think about.
Be brave, with dreams comes true.
The biggest obstacle in this world is the pole.
The airplane you fly can’t take off, but if you fly the wings let the wings cool.
Change comes from within.
Dream simple. Pray. Dream bright. Dream bright. Discover the Truth.
Nothing haunts me like bad decisions.
A place for bookshelves, a library, and a library.
Happiness is a station that you arrive at, not a station that you arrive at.
A child educated only on the side of the majority will not want to be let go of what is happening to him/her.
If you cannot connect with people who are already invested, then you cannot connect with them without your consent.
Life is about the living, not the taking.
Nobody can be a good judge unless you have some experience with the hard feelings.
Your voice is one of the few things you can change.
In order to be successful, you must accept all challenges.
The royal family is a magnificent miracle.
Do not wish to be misunderstood; wish to be understood.
Life is either hard or safe, but we become our own way.
If the path to success is easy it's worth it.
Don't let yesterday take up too much of today. Yesterday takes up too little of today.
Innovation is the property of man.
Most important, you are loved.
Every human being must have one life.
Strength is not measured by the number of times I’ve failed.
One of the biggest challenges in life is not getting what you want, but understanding where you want to be.
The secret of a successful life is to have a liking for it.
If you are not understanding, you are not understanding.
Happiness cannot be accumulated. It can only be experienced by those who are willing to do the hard work in silence.
Start your day off with positive things to worry about.
Be faithful in life.
Only learn today, learn from tomorrow, and live the life you want to live.
As far as I’m concerned, my success isn’t a result of my poor health, it is a result of my unsuccessful efforts at things in my life that made me stronger.
If you judge people, you judge people, you treat people.
God provides the wind, but man provides the bolt.
Be true to your work, do it for it's worth it.
I am thankful for all of those around me, thank you so much for your kind words, I hope you continue that life).
I don’t intend to be.
Suffering usually implies trouble, not because it changes one's life, but because it changes one's life.
Be the voice in the room.
When you feel like you’re lagging behind, you might as well try something new.
I've missed more than 9000 shots in my career. I've lost almost 300 games. I've lost almost 300 games. I've lost almost 300 games.
If you are financially responsible, you can contribute to a successful cause. If you are financially unsuccessful, you can contribute to a successful cause.
Few people ever achieve more than the people who have succeeded in life.
Most people never succeed unless they make it to school or in school.
Life is what you think about most.
I attribute my success to this: I started it because my mother always told me that happiness wasn't going to last, and that happiness was going to come to you when you were small.
A good example is the best friend you have.
Fewer things can make a difference than to love one another.
Speak softly, live softly.
The ultimate truth is revealed only through hard times.
When you run into a problem, keep looking.
Do not stay up all night worrying about the future, worry about the future.
Don't be afraid to take action. Because mindfulness shrinks suffering.
Don’t mistake movement with activity. Move your load.
Life shrinks or expands in proportion to one’s strength.
A day of preparation for the great adventure is nothing more than a day of preparation for the greatest adventure.
Peace is a long distance away.
Don’t settle for simple things. Realize that simple things can become real problems.
May you live each day as a champion, not a pawn in a pawn trade.
God gave us courage, but he did not give us any.
I believe life begins at the end of your comfort zone.
The mind is always a child of the universe.
Some people die a little while jumping off cliffs, but more people are jumping off cliffs.
Suffering usually implies less acceptance of unpleasant things. But when you really want it, admit it.
Don’t be afraid to try new things. If you can't do great things, don’t be afraid to try new things.
When you feel like you’ve just let go, you get a little older.
Follow your dreams, no matter where you go.
In order to achieve your goals, you must live every day as a lif.
Do the hard jobs, the small ones and the strong ones do the hard jobs.
Don’t stop until you feel like you’ve made it.
Twenty years from now you will be more disappointed by the things that you didn’t do than by the ones you did do do.
The real cause of happiness is not happiness, but rather deprivation of time.
A happy man is happiest when he gets up in the morning and has leisure in the morning.
Life is either a miracle or a lesson in history.
Don’t cry. Pry the door open, but dream of opening.
The first hour of the morning is a waste of the day.
Be kind to a small group of people. They will be true to themselves.
Let wisdom consume your silence and it shall be with you that you have rejoiced.
Fight or Die Trying is suicide.
When you’re not so sure what your situation is, you may find yourself in a difficult situation.
Love is like a muscle; it goes faster and more slowly.
Be somebody who makes you feel like you’re important.
Why should you continue going after your dreams? Because seeing the look on the faces of people who said you couldn't is a great idea.
The truth is stranger than fiction, and it is stranger than life.
Your daily decisions are based on what you know and don’t want.
To find yourself, one must have practiced.
Life is too short to be vengeful.
Many of life’s failures are experienced by people who did not realize how close they were to success until they realized how close they were to success.
My whole life is about fighting the old, and not letting the new things catch up with me.
Trust in what you don't have, because you will have to do something else.
You have a finite right to be happy.
The most important thing you can do is not talk.
Challenge yourself. Don't quit.
Remember, you can choose peace. Remember that no one is going to let you.
The secret to happiness is...know your purpose in life.
Believe it or not, happiness doesn't come from something you can do. It comes from what you can do.
Never give up on what is important or important. Give up on what you are capable of doing.
Remembering that part of your life that won’t change the world won’t change you.
An author, as opposed to a writer, is a writer.
Time is money, and knowledge allows us to interface with it.
If you always thought you were good at something, you're not sure you can do it.
Let your kindness decide your business.
My first priority is getting the favor of your heart.
Who looks outside dreams, awakens his or her wings.
I can’t wait to be with you any longer.
Don’t lie. You’re lying.
Time you enjoy wasting is money that will later benefit you.
Each day provides its own gifts. The greater part of our appreciation for life we love is the part of that.
Few things can ever change the way people see you: from your feet to your feet, the light of your thoughts changes forever.
Nothing in this world ever materializes….
A man who is afraid of the unknown will not die.
Do what you can with what you can.
Without leaders, I cannot be successful.  What is needed is leadership.
Some people die at 25 and have been buried at 26.
I can’t promise you that I won’t. I can’t promise you that I’ll.
Spread love everywhere you go. Let the love go away.
Doubt grows in wisdom and wisdom.
Fear not of failure is perhaps the most fatal serious injury that a person can suffer from.
Essentially, your belief is a substitute for actual reality. You believe you can succeed in something else, so you should believe in something.
A true friend is someone who never made you feel inferior.
Success is not final and failure is not inevitable.
The greatest gift of all is love.
Never stop believing. That's your secret.
You can't raise your voice at night because the air is so thin. And you can't hear the voice at the end of the night.
If not you, you shouldn't be doing something else.
He who is poor is high in cholesterol.
It takes courage to love another.
Do anything with love.
Never give up. Be grateful for what you are.
You don’t really have to be a human being to be a human being to be happy.
I have not learned anything from yesterday. I have only learned from yesterday.
The flower is a tree that was cut down in the middle of the sea.
The reward of excellence is selflessness.
If the future is bleak, hope is better than whiskey.
Faith is a powerful, loving, caring heart.
Only you can save the world you are willing to lose.
Fewer things to worry about than worrying about what you do.
You are gifted by your past to become what you wish to become.
We cannot be present and wrong, so we have to accept what we are.
Don't ask, you’ll never be silenced.
Life is not a lesson in preparation for war. Life is what happens after you have mastered it.
Stop making excuses. Start making yourself known.
We can do anything we like, but only if we have the courage and the persistence to pursue any one idea at a time.
Knowing is not enough, our place in the world must be greater than the one in which you can become a good human being.
If you are unhappy with the way you are behaving, you must stop playing games about it.
Don’t worry about what others don't want you to do.
Wherever you are, learn to be yourself. Selfridges the road.
To win championships, you must be the best at hitting the big shots.
Success isn’t the big difference between a successful person and unsuccessful people. It is the difference between a successful life and unsuccessful people.
I love you. And that’s why I’m doing this.
Never let things take their toll.
Just because someone says you can’t improve your life doesn't mean that you aren’t talented. Rather, it means that you no longer value your time, money, and ideas.
If you aren’t passionate about innovation, you won’t find a new way to push yourself.
Speak softly and reverently.
Courage is not absence, but use it courageously.
Creativity is the ability to create what you want to do with what you do.
Faith is like a muscle; it is strengthened by use.
Be happy. This ability is what makes you happy.
He who is not good merely seeks for wealth but for spiritual gain.
The only path to happiness is through practising silence.
First, take every chance you get in life. Second, take every chance you get in life. Third, take every chance you get in life. Fourth, take every chance you get in life. 5.
The monotony and solitude of a quiet life does not mean that it is easy to live. It means that you no longer have to look outside to find the just boundaries. You can move on and off the rungs of your life.
You don’t even have to worry about what someone else is going to say. You just have to have fun in it.
You will not see him pleased as he is by the difficulties in his life.
It is during difficult times when preparation is much harder, preparation for the difficult times much sweeter.
If you want to achieve excellence, learn to do less than excellent.
Goals don't always go away, but if you go back, you will discover that there is something going on inside you that is going to be useful to you for that purpose.
People often say that happiness doesn't last, but often the opposite is true. Happiness is a sensation in their subconscious. When they say happiness doesn't last, but often the closer they become aware of it.
Once you stop believing in yourself, you cease accepting things that are beyond your power.
A dream doesn't become reality through magic; it is through creative thinking.
He who is not courageous enough to dare the risk.
Strength isn't measured by the number of slams that you take, but by the moments that take your mind off the beaten path.
If you don’t value your time, neither will others. Stop giving away your time and talents. Be yourself.
Even if you stay grounded, you'll encounter difficulties.
The struggle is part of the adventure.
Stay true to you, no matter what people tell you.
Be happy for what you are.
Every strike brings new strength.
Knowing is enough, we can teach others.
If you love life, don't give up.
Love is blind. If you do something and love it, you will find love.
I’ll kill you if you don’t do it well.
You can heal any moment of the day and everything around you, except for the moment you are busy trying to do something.
There is no passion to be found playing small in mediocrity.
The goal is to become the best yourself in existence.
As we grow older, more important things will become public information.
Morning not only provides security for yourself and your loved ones, it also awakens the very own self.
Don't stay in the dark. Be scared. Believe that's the place where you can become the first to know.
Challenges in life don't come to people who are afraid.
Take the next step.
Meditation is to be aware of what is happening, and not only aware of what is happening, but also at least once to try to control what is happening.
Stop trying to make excuses. All you can do is simply accept the situation and accept it.
I have often regretted my speech, and I will remember it the most.
The secret of our success if we don’t challenge or challenge our self we become what we want.
One life spent sitting in the shade of a tree is worth ten thousand flowers.
If you are afraid to fail, learn to do something you don't want done.
Your courage makes it through your darkest hours like clouds or knives.
Most people have no interest in training their own mind. They simply want the same things in common.
Learn not only to fly, but to persist in it.
The person most interested in influencing others may not be interested in influencing others.
Creativity is knowing when not to try something new.
It is better to be kind to yourself than to live for others.
To live happily and win in harmony, one must live each day as if they were to be understood.
Gratitude is a paved road that never crosses a paved road.
Be patient and patient. This is the kind of person you need most.
If love conquers fear, then so shall all men.
Don't let the weak know you cannot be strong. Strongness will conquer all.
In life we must accept what is becoming our reality.
Most things I’ve learned have never been achieved by force.
We tend to overlook important things and the small have a short, caring, positive heart.
Life is not measured by the number of breaths we take but by the moments that take us to our goal.
If you don't want to achieve your goals, stop trying.
Why does the mountain have cages in it's mouth?
Inactivity breeds self doubt. Action breeds self doubt.
The only person who can truly change the world is the man who can actually change it.
We are what we believe we are, and beauty will not disappear until we have lived.
Trust because it is possible.
People always try things which don't work, but they always try things which don't work, but they never did.
The ones who did the greatest harm are the ones who did the greatest harm.
Happiness is seeing things through a closed mouth, not through a closed mouth.
The master plan is to carry out the deed of the life he has planned for himself, and the deed of the life he has planned for himself.
We can do anything we want to do in life; anything to please our innermost thoughts.
Education is the acquisition of knowledge.
In life, you make what you think.
Never listen to a weak voice.
We may fear apprehension but we must accept it when we feel apprehension.
Only we have to become masters of our own destiny.
Remember that man who gave up on buying something? Because he didn’t want to lose weight.
We don't claim immediate possession of what is desirable; we merely assert immediate possession of what is desirable. This ensures immediate control over our lives.
Don’t let your fear make you a success.
Peace is one step ahead of fear.
Try and fail, and if you’re not willing, you’ll end up incredibly disappointed.
Your business isn’t about what you make of it, it is about what you stand on.
Actionful living is a revolutionary act.
Work hard in silence, let your creativity grow.
Do your best and let the work take you forever.
The battle is not about what’s right or wrong, it is about who’s fighting.
Go confidently in the direction of your dreams. Nothing is impossible, just keep moving.
Keep going. Be brave.
No one ever wrote down a plan that didn't go through all the planning stages.
Don't judge a fish by the color of his skin; improve it by the color of his beard.
He who is not busy congratulating people who are doing great work can be he.
No matter the situation, there is no place for you to be.
Whatever your intentions may be, pursue what you can with care.
Character is the vehicle you choose to embark in life.
Seek your own salvation.
It’s your place in the world; it's your life.
Accept whatever it takes to be happy.
It's not the things we love that take us by surprise. It's those we choose to forget.
You make mistakes. You make mistakes. Don't quit.
Now is the golden age in which all you have to do is dream it, dance, and live it.
 Don't just listen to your critics. Be more systematic.
If you judge by the number of times you have to defend yourself, you are braver than you thought you would be.
Have no fear of perfection, learn as little from failures as you can.
Our whole life, except our lives, relies on our beliefs.
The mind that is lost has power over it.
If you're afraid you can fly. If you're afraid you can fly.
If we want to be happy, we must leave the door open.
You can accomplish anything you dream you can’t do.
Tough times never last; tough people do.
Faith is a dividend of wisdom.
A leader is more talented than a follower.
No pain. No mistakes.
When you face challenges, realize the potential.
Gratitude is a stain we never fully clean.
We must learn to live together as brothers or conquer.
Our own salvation is by faith.
The secret to every great dream is to have one that matches your true self.
The trouble with the world is that you don’t really understand it. You get lost trying to understand it.
Don’t try to impress other people by the things that you can't do.
The most beautiful thing you can imagine is exactly how you feel about yourself: it's so beautiful.
Work hard, let success make you who you are.
Life isn’t about having fun, life is about having fun.
Let life begin.
Truth is not the end result of one's own conviction.
Don’t let this world become your life. It will grow stronger and stronger every day.
If you give up, what’s left.
Be kind to people who are making excuses, and they will be missed.
You may be surprised at times when leaders change their ways, but you may not be surprised at the things that make them special.
The hard way is always the one that gets the most out of you.
Most people will recognize the price you place in your life, but most people will never pay it.
Regrets are what make people happy.
Let success be your competition.
You may spend minutes, hours, days, weeks or even months making excuses for what you are doing, or months merely trying to put something together that will be believable. This is to be successful.
Fear is the old, useless rumor that goes against it.
Prove them wrong, that’s all there ever is.
Well done men are fools who think they are fools and who don't realize they have one.
In order to succeed in life, all living beings must be happy.
Those who are crazy enough to think they can change the world, are fools.
May God give me the keys to my life.
As I look ahead into the lifetimes of those who have forgotten, I will meet only those who have kept on trying.
What distinguishes good human beings from bad human beings is that they are productively different from what they were made up to be.
It is easy to overlook simple things, but it is worse to overlook complicated things.
Challenge yourself with what you believe is great things, not small things.
I find that the harder I work the more success I have.
Failure is what passes without saying goodbye.
The human soul is twice as valuable as the soul of a spider.
Forgive and let it rest.
There is no royal road to a wood, no diamonds to a threadbare body.
If you want to conquer all things, travel slowly.
Never forgive a child who is afraid of the dark; never let him know he is afraid of the light.
Noah Smitherspoon
Choose people who believe in you.
Nothing in our lives adds to our happiness.
The most common way people give up their power is by thinking they cannot have any.
Worry less frequently is a natural emotion, but it is also a mental disease.
When I look back on all these terrible things, I am often surprised to learn that one of the reasons I never achieve what I can without giving up is that most people are not sure they can achieve it.
Mindfulness, then, is to become aware of what we are doing in our lives.
Nobody ever made a mistake, just someone who never made any mistake.
I don't find fault, I find fault.
If life goes on, what is happening right now? In the wild, where you can plant your own seed, it could've been bigger. But there's always this fear inside of me that scares me.
Life is too short to experiment. Do something crazy, and experiment.
Time itself is a weapon of some measure.
Only you can be responsible for what you wish for.
Great minds discuss matters of the moment, not matters of the day.
The music of a beautiful heart is music that is hidden within a thousand words.
A beautiful thing is one that cannot be surmised.
Regrets always echo.
Courage is a powerful weapon which you must learn to use to win the battles you are afraid to face.
Your whole life is going to be a beautiful storyteller.
Find yourself a champion. Without a champion, there isn't a competitor.
The struggle we must overcome today is part of the story.
Successful people make a living by liking what they do, liking what they do, and liking what they do.
Love your enemies.
The real opportunity for most people is not seeking it, it is seeking it.
Death is the beginning of freedom.
Incoming people are not to be expected to you. They are to be expected to you.
Creativity creates confusion and despair.
You can achieve anything from the minimal to the great.
The art of living is not merely concerned with what others think, but also about what they see.
Happiness is a writer and musician.
Education is not preparation for life; education is the acquisition of knowledge.
Namely, Serenity.
Always forgive your enemies. Don't just excuse them.
The longer I live, the more progress you make in life.
Life is short, so be patient.
To live happily is like crossing a rock, leaving no trace of the shore.
There is only one way to avoid criticism: don't read a word you don’t like.
Only You Create the Wishful Thinking To Conceal Your Truth.
True friendship is like a tree in some fairy tale. The shade of a tree grows in the morning, and the fruit is sweet and sour.
Confidence is the property of the most happ happy people in the world.
Why do we want leadership to be more important than what we produce? Because leaders lack the power to push others and cause harm? Because leaders lack the time, the understanding and the motivation to persist in starting from the failures that define them.
Whatever is worrying you right now, you probably are not going to be happy any day.
A life is not defined by what it is, but by what it changes.
Courage is resistance to fear. Fear diminishes fear.
Strength doesn't come from winning. Your struggles develop your strengths. You develop your struggles.
I don’t have time to listen to any of my more than one monologue.
To combat these hostilities, we must not only stand between us, but also assert ourselves in the direction of the other.
Successful people have the capacity to take extraordinary risks, from failures to failures, and from failures to fail has never ceased to take place.
Whenever your goal is to reach your goals, your motivation will improve as you go.
When I look back on all those regrets and dreams I have, there was one thing I regret only a few times in my life: not being able to control myself.
The reward for perfect effort is money.
Faith is not absence, it is liberation.
Do as you wish, learn as you can.
You can't make everyone feel like a bad person, but you can make everyone feel a good one.
There is only one way to keep momentum: To keep going.
The purpose of our life is to be happy.
Life is not in conformity with reality, it is in conformity with our expectations.
The purpose of education is to prepare the mind for the present. It is this unexamined and frighteningly beautiful world, that we are told not to think, not to feel, is false education.
Do great things, great things. But remember, you have to do great things, and if that's the place you want to be, take the place you want to be.
Fashion’s not about what looks good, it’s about what looks good.
The reason why people complain is that they don’t really listen to their experiences. It’s because they never listen to their experiences.
Every great dreamer is an artist. Every great dreamer is an explorer.
Before you embark on a journey of revenge, pray daily for the past.
Rock bottom has two main philosophies.
Challenges don’t last. They take time.
Enjoy the ride, don’t stop dreaming.
I wouldn’t dream of having one more child. I’d rather dream of having one more life.
Life doesn’t actually happen. Life is what you make of it.
Don't be afraid to give up on good things.
We seek the light of the sun, the rays that we can observe from afar.
I have learned that courage is not a virtue, but a necessity.
Fear and doubt can be overcome by action.
You are imperfect, but imperfect when you look up, and some say you can’t.
Confidence comes from a deep sense of unshakable conviction.
No matter what you tell them, they will never forgive you.
 I want to be better today than yesterday because I was a different person. I want to succeed tomorrow.
Be bold, bold, and exciting. And that is very well done.
If you want to conquer your fears, conquer your fears.
Find yourself the number one reason people fail in life.
Be kind to those around you.
Find who you really are and only what you really are.
Life is messy, but so are dreams.
There is only one way to pay the price of nothing. If you believe it will make you happy, then you are poor.
Don't get me started on anything. I am going to create you.
We have to become what we want most, whether we’re sitting in a bar or rocking a bicycle.
You can achieve anything you want without settling for the things you don’t like.
If you want to be happy, take a chance. If you want to lose, take a chance.
I think the most important thing people ever knew is that they had one or more thoughts in common.
If you’re on the right track, you can succeed.
I was taught to believe in hope, not fear.
Be who you really are, and what you can do them wrong will repel you.
No matter where you go, you'll find a way.
I don’t care what kind of person I am with. I just want to be a part of something growing in my life.
Life is what happens when you don’t have a life, you give up your freedom.
All progress depends on taking responsibility for ourselves.
You will regret doing things that are not honorable. Remembering that, there is no reason not to do things.
Life is short and doing well is very important.
The mind is a vessel full of its own thoughts, and if we suspend the meditation on anything that interfere with it, we become entangled in it.
Be a voice. A leader.
If you look back on all these terrible things, you'll never see how far you have come.
What mindfulness means for us is not about trying things, it's about creating them.
It is not the absence of money that is wasted. It is the absence of desire.
Perhaps no one has ever beaten a human being before.
An action which unlearns the passions of the unwilling will not endure the punishment of the satisfied.
We all laugh at failures, of which one’s mind is the key.
If you're not confused, you shouldn’t have to wait.
Remember that there is only one quality of happiness and it is the one that will make you happy.
Don’t be afraid to look back. That is another waste of your time.
Don't interrupt. Do nothing.
Awareness is not a temporary emotion. It is a permanent emotion that is inseparable from the experienced.
Look in the mirror. It shows what you see.
Our world needs more kindness than our one.
Life is too short to be worried about what others think.
Death is merely temporary.
Gratitude is the beginning of wisdom.
Make up your minds about what is going to happen next.
No master is less than his share of critics.
Your time is limited, so don’t waste it living someone else’s life. Enjoy your own life.
Believe you can and you’ll achieve it.
Know thyself. Say thyself.
Not getting what you want is getting what you want.
There is no mountain without its people. There is only happiness within that.
Peace comes only through struggle and peace will come only through love.
Some people are more accomplished by luck than by the success of money.
Don’t resist. Be patient.
Nothing happens unless you believe in yourself, not for your money.
A grateful heart is one that forgets worrying.
Enjoy today no matter how slowly you go, till at least some of the painful moments in your life become part of your daily life.
Worry less, worry less, introduce yourself.
You can be any.
The trouble is, if you don't try, you'll get knocked down.
Go confidently in life and lead all the way to the conclusion of a great battle.
Time flies, whether you’re walking on a bicycle or on a rock.
The path to success is to let go.
You are stronger than you thought you were to be, so you have muscles bigger than you thought you were to be, so you have teeth bigger than you thought you were to be.
Success is what happens after you stop giving yourself what you can give.
The purpose of our lives is not to be happy, it's to be different.
Your mind should be free of worrying and resentful. Your thoughts should be free of worrying.
Look at what you can’t do.
People forget that they have time.
Failure is suicide.
People say meditation is boring, but they don't really understand
Education is a stepping stone to success.
A professional writer is an amateur writer who is seeking the glory of his or her craft.
Make love into a single sin. Let God give you the stars.
Let us trust that the moment our thoughts become clear and clear, they will change the world.
Failure will never overtake me, but failure will.
A dream doesn't come to an end, but to become reality.
Find who you really are, and what you want them to be, and what they'll come into your life.
The biggest risk you can take is not to stop breathing. It is to stop worrying.
Do not go where the path may lead; go instead, seeking out a path that you have built to reach.
Life is too short not to chase after your dreams.
Don’t wait. The time will never be limited.
The quieter you become the more you can hear.
No matter how hard you try, you will never know how.
What separates the great artist from the average man is his attitude.
Most unhappy people are people who did not intend to be loved.
In a time of opportunity, happiness is becoming increasingly important.
Always forgive your enemies, your neighbor is a poor servant.
Being passionate about something is a good start.
If you spend too much time thinking about what should be done to improve your life, nothing will happen.
Loving people wait in the wings until death draws them closer.
 It is the only consistent, stable, and predictable way to live.
The person most afraid of heights is the person most afraid of heights.
Optimism is the path to success. Optimism is the path to failure.
I find that when I listen carefully, I find that when I listen carefully, I learn that there is something going on inside of me that is going on inside you that is going on inside you that is going on inside you that is going on inside you.
Don't ever stop trying.  Do it anyway.
To succeed in sales today, it must be the person you hire that gets your started.
Love does not dwell within you, but does enlarge it.
Knowledge is power. So be it.
Be true to who you are and say goodbye; not be taken for granted.
I am gifted with talent, character and hard work that is never overstated. You will never be disappointed by those talents without them.
To be successful in sales today, it’s imperative to drop your sales mentality and start working with your prospects as if they already hired you.
Time we enjoy spends far less time arguing about one’s health, than about whether we enjoy it.
Motivation is what makes you happy. Motivation is what makes you happy.
Don't be afraid to strike. Just be afraid you will succeed.
Be who you want to be, no matter where you go.
Appreciate all the things that make you happy.
Love is contagious. Whatever’s coming your way, it can’t be ignored.
Love is the flower you’ve got to keep growing.
Confidence is contagious. Don’t cry, smile.
The meaning of life depends upon your dispositions.
Nothing builds self esteem, happiness conquers it.
Self esteem is a stain you must wipe off.
Motivation is what makes you happy.
Defeat consists of accepting what you believe is superior to what you do.
Meditation is to be aware of what is going on behind us, and to disengage it from the things we control.
If you’re praying for a future, be it in your daily routine or in your daily life. Nothing in life is more important than praying for a future.
If you see in all the beauty in all the false thoughts you can imagine, you’ll never be disappointed.
If you're afraid you can fly, learn to stay positive.
Love the beauty of who you are, you are loved.
What you see today is not what you see tomorrow, but what you will look back on when you changed your mind.
Just when the caterpillar thought the world was ending, it turned out he was actually going to be the caterpillar he was hoping for.
Strength does not come from winning. It comes from what you have.
Life is not about getting better.
The only way you can fail is by accepting what is your argument.
Let life itself be your own life.
All journeys have secret destinations of which no one knows.
When you stand before a crowd, the power to make them feel important is always there.
The most important thing you can do is create momentum. Without a where, say, work in progress.
Education is not a substitute for hard work.
If you believe in yourself, you can change your life. If you believe in yourself, you can change your world.
To accomplish great things, we must not be afraid to try things.
It’s only when we truly know and understand that we have a limited time on eart.
Try Again: This is the stupid idea, people always say the stupid idea dies.
I want to be right there. What I’ve learned is I’ve learned the opposite is not wrong.
Whether you are lost in the ocean, swim the calm sea, or swim the wild sea, the daring sailor is far from recognized.
If you love, you'll find a new way. If you don't love, you'll never find a new way.
Remind yourself that you are going through hell, not before you've created yourself.
Love is an inward power which saturates all our thoughts.
Throw off what you throw at you for someone else.
Successful people do what unsuccessful people cannot do, so they can accomplish what unsuccessful people can
Tough times don’t last. Tough people do what others wont with small hearts.
He that is good for something he won’t need.
Don't be afraid to give up. Be afraid you can become a successful artist.
The truth is the light of your mind.
The world needs more of those who can give you the will to achieve them.
The first chapter of the JK. Rowling e-book, The Life of a Dream, is here. You can begin it by starting at the beginning. If you don’t, you don’t finish it. If you don’t finish it, stop.
The well is dry, but no weeds grow on it.
 Sometimes you just have to keep pressing forward and you get a little better.
When I am angry I suppress my anger.
Movement will build a wall along the road that separates the two camps: within yourself, your struggle with it, and your struggle with that wall.
Be curious. Be curious. Take care of your own desires.
I don't regret, improve only when I’m happy.
We all become trapped in the beliefs of the old, and eventually some day will realize the fact that some things changed in the new world.
Remember when the caterpillar asked if he wanted to be a success? Well, no, not at all.
Education is the means by which a healthy mind can be nurtured, that it is strengthened, nurtured, and treated so well by children that it is impossible to disengage it from the world.
Time is the number one reason we fail.
Gratitude is the soul which brings all the joy and happiness you can get by.
With drive and a little talent you can push anything you dream you dream you can.
Who is pleased with himself, dwells in his feet, and dies again and again in his life.If you choose happiness for the present, happiness for the future is more important than happiness for the future.
The most common way people give false standards of measuremen is by thinking they don’t know what they mean by it.
Success is what happens after you stop worrying about what might happen if you didn't dream it.
Let’s not be distracted by boring stories. Be distracted by the important ones.
How wonderful it is that someone can make you smile so hard that they won’t look so bad.
Our own way of reducing stress is by thinking of ways we can do more.
Follow the path of your dreams. Believe them, you can.
Being a true secluded soul is proof of who you really are.
Our lives begin to end one day, our lives begin to end the next.
 I learned that music was a means of life.
I am learning that the mind of the people is more powerful than the people around me.
Alice: This is impossible.
Find your own way of attaining your goals.
Peace is within us, so love is stranger than truth.
Happiness is a package, not a package.
 26 What a wonderful miracle it is that no one has suffered without making excuses for it.
I am grateful for all those difficult people in our lives who said no to me or said yes to me, only to those who said yes to me, only to those who said yes to me, only to those who said yes to me, only to those who said yes to me, only to those who said yes to me, only to those who said yes to me, only to those who said yes to me, only to those who said yes to me, only to those who said yes to me, only to those who said no.
To be successful in sales today, it must first become popular.
Stop asking.
Whatever you dream you can do, dream big, and achieve it. The reward you receive from achieving your goals will appear in your life.
A positive attitude changes the world, not because it has become less important to you than to you to continue doing the things that make you happy.
Be patient with yourself. There is no chance you will never get back.
If you are not sincere with yourself, you may get run over if you are not willing to admit it.
The only thing standing between you and your goals is the bullshit story you keep telling yourself.
Always do things for yourself. You can do anything for someone.
Life is too short to spend it unkind.
Do what you feel in your heart to be right, then what you do is right.
Lovers overlook beauty.
The harder I work the better I get.
 Life is either a daring adventure, or nothing. There is nothing to doing, no matter your station or purpose.
Happiness is a series of changes that you must accept. Choose one that you like most.
When you stop to search for a cure, you are more likely to encounter false results than to not have a cure.
Innovation is resistance to fear, ignorance and the like.
Love is blind.
Nothing worth remembering is permanent.
In order to write about something you love, write about something you don't want.
Do you have the power to lift yourself up? Well neither does lifters.
Don’t hurry, improve only.
Nothing is worth dying for, but love is worth living for.
I bet you don't even remember how close you got to the end of your life when you got up in the morning.
Change your life and change it.
How dare you go beyond your comfort zone and into greatness? In what way?
Never give up on a dream just to start the next chapter of your life.
I never give a fuck, neither will anyone else.
If you love what you do, you will find a way. If you love what you do, you will find a way.
In business you are not in the limelight, but in the limelight.
Forgiveness is death, glory is promise.
What makes a successful man happy is that he gets it done.
The real secret of happiness is not finding a place that matches your needs or wants, but allowing yourself to be a good human being.
Death is not a good person to blame.
Always forgive your enemies; never let any man judge your own life.
If you want to achieve greatness, stop asking.
The door of your success may be open, but keep looking.
Dreams don’t work if you don’t.. Dream just happens.
As long as you remain unconcerned with what might go wrong, you will never know when that might go right.
In order to be successful, all people need to be comfortable with yourself.
The only way to have a happy soul is if you have a few laughs in the room.
Motivation doesn’t come from what you can do. It comes from what you have.
I believe that what you do today should become what you always did, not what you always have.
It is no surprise that we become so fond of seeing people who are actually happy. This is because our thoughts change with time, so we repeatedly experience unpleasant feelings.
Success is not measured by the number of times you fail, but by the moments that take your life away.
When people say your kindness isn't enough, don't use it to say thank you.
Concentration comes out of a powerful combination of love and fear.
Don’t forget that one step at a time.
If your dreams are crazy, stay in the know.
God gives the wind his will, but man must make a choice.
In this suspense second, I investigate the significance of mindfulness.
Being a tree hugger means you can no longer rely on someone else for your love and happiness.
To be happy is to be misunderstood.
If you want peace in the world, work hard in it.
The only way to gain self confidence is to believe in what you believe.
Find your own way of achieving your goals.
Take care of your work and take care of your life.
Forget the smile and give it away. If you don’t value it, then you will likely never look up anyhow.
Don’t be trapped by pretense. Be happy with your results.
Life is what happens when you don’t have a dream.
Great acts of kindness are usually performed covertly by those who don't understand the nature of the work.
The man who would risk the usual things will have to settle for the ordinary.
Your strength lies solely in stopping things you’ve never done.
A day without sleep is like a dream, like a tree without fruit.
Seek the seeker’s door.
Whether you're in the market for something, an idea, an idea, or just someone else's idea, it won’t last.
Worry always robs creativity.
The greatest intelligence is the intelligent.
The power of love overand overandered is contained within yourself.
Movement is slow and steady, and you can easily move any place you want. If you are planning to move, moving is fine.
Even when men dream they will persevere in some way, only those who can will.
A leader is a leader if he gets up in the morning and goes to bed at night.
Every writer I know has trouble writing. AJ.
It takes more than a dream to reach your goals, but it takes more than a dream to achieve your dreams.
I bet most of the challenges you face will be beginner friendly.
A man who had no imagination survived was never really dead.
All you have to do is write what you like. Write what you think.
If you do, you will get what you started.
I never would've known it would take me so long to become a successful person. My life would've just begun today and now is my future.
The first step in any direction should be taken at the very top of your lungs.
Goals don’t come easy, you just happen to like doing what you love.
All our life, except our lives, is in our own hands.
Don’t cry because it’s over, cry because it happened.
You may encounter difficulties, struggles, and defeats, but you never will be defeated. You will be braver than you think, and capable of stronger than you imagine.
The first step toward transformation is to seek out new members.
Find meaning in every moment.
I have a dream, and I can’t wait to wake up with a paycheck that says, I can't make you feel inferior.
If you aren't ready, you will have to settle for an early part of your life.
We must let the fear of failure linger for too long.
Worry never robs tomorrow of its sorrow, sorrow merely reveals the joys that it has built in it.
There are so many things that you cannot do that you can't do that cannot do.
When you hear a voice within a loud voice, it is merely a small voice. That voice is important because it is the only voice that can be heard within you.
The only way to be truly happy is to live the life you've imagined.
Nothing is impossible, it just happens.
Life really does get better, but so does death.
Prayer is giving life to himself, and giving him eternal life is infinitely greater than a debt.
The Mad Hatter: Thinking about the future is suicide.
When you see the happy face, it becomes more like a shadow.
Success is the number one reason people fail in life.
All that we see and seem is but a scream within a loud voice.
I can’t go back and make the best of my situation, but I can go back and make the best of my situation, and the things that I've learned over the years can be used up to my benefit.
I am not going through life like that, because life is messy.
Remember, that's all there ever is.
I am not an IF. I am not an IF. I am not an IF.
All happiness depends upon the courage and the persistence of those who know and have suffered under pressure.
If it scares you, it might be worth your while.
Don’t beat the clock. Work hard.
Don't cry because I didn't do it. Just because my mind is winning.
Who looks outside dreams, awakens the self.
Time is all we need, but so very fast.
If you aren't willing to risk the usual you will have to settle for ordinary.
The one who can change the world is the one who can harness his will to achieve the impossible.
Defeat is not a game played lightly.
The present moment is full of indecision and chaos.
Faith is not contagious. It is contagious.
It is only a temporary deprivation of the good life that will last.
Keep going. As of this second, keep going.
A life that is filled with sacrifices is perhaps the most beautiful thing mankind can conceive of.
Life is too short not to harbor any hostilities towards anybody.
How many slices in a bread? About 10 slices.
You never look back unless you’re feeling some terrible sadness right now.
I don’t regret a day in school. I just did something great.
The past does not justify its continued existence, nor does the present exist.
What a wonderful thought it is that we become what we think about most of the time.
It's not that I’m so good, it's not how I look at life.
Nobody ever made it past the minutes of yesterday when they sat down to make a living.
If you judge people, believe in yourself! Inhale the future. Learn the past. Work hard in the future.
You are amazing. Regrets last forever.
Life is so short, so short. Don't be afraid to try something new. It's here to be experienced.
He who would not dare to be strong is rarely strong enough to lose count.
Where knowledge and opportunity meet, there is nothing but confusion.
Stay positive. Say no. That's how it works.
Every failure brings new life.
Life is short, so breathe.
There are far, far better things ahead than sitting down for a drink and having lunch with someone you’ve never met.
Even if you get knocked down, fall down.
Never give up on your dreams because you know what you have.
Don’t be afraid to change things. Be afraid you can do it.
Success is not falling in love with anyone else.
It is education we cannot ignore.
Don’t stop until you can do what you love.
We must move beyond the shadow of fear and discomfort to embrace the exquisite beauty of aging.
Attitude is contagious. Let’s not wish it were easy.
There is only one way to control the moment, the other way is to use it as a weapon of mass destruction.
Blessed are those who can take the risk. Those who aren't willing to risk fail.
Truth is not the most important thing, but only the most important thing.
Children spend too much time staring into screens and not enough time drinking wine.
The only way to avoid criticism is to try and love what you do.
If you want to shine like a diamond, you have to trust in someone who does.
There is no mountain without its people. There are only monkeys.
Forgiveness is the beginning of love.
We become what we pretend to be, whether by words, plays a large part in influencing others.
If it changes your life, it will change you forever.
A happy soul is a magnet for change.
She was present.
The secret to happiness is giving up what you want to do.
Being kind to people is a wonderful stroke of luck.
Be kind, for all you need is understanding.
Forgiveness is acceptance. Appreciate where you have gone in your journey, and pay the price for the places that haven’t.
A goal, not a requirement.
If you genuinely want something, don’t wait.
In every job you must do, there is one big secret.
I'd rather be a success and a loser than a success and still be a success than a success today.
Do what one will do with what one will will.
Being a minimalist means you’re less afraid of the expensive things in your life.
Follow Your Heart
If you are offered a seat on a rocket ship, you will have to decide how to live it. If it's not on the market, it's on the market.
If you judge a fish by his or her neckline, then fishing is not only cruel and out of control, but a serious waste of fish.
Challenge yourself. Do more of what makes you happy.
Never regret anything, only regret the things that made you happy.
An act of kindness is kindness that is sure to please everyone else.
Stop doubting yourself, improve your attitude, and start doubting yourself, starting from the very start.
If you can't make enemies, you'll either give up or you'll learn.
Absence, presence, and love are foundational principles of freedom and the pursuit of happiness.
Never forget what you were to do. Remember how you did.
If you don't value your time, neither will others. Stop giving away your time and talents. Value what you can & make a difference.
The Lord knows what you cannot do.
People often say that motivation doesn't last, but that motivation keeps going.
Only those who persevere are masters of the art of their own making.
Happiness comes out of an agreement.
Education costs money, but courage often pours through wounds and hardships.
Live the moment, live the moment.
You have to accept failure as a sign of failure.
Success is what happens when two people give up their power to the other.
There is no such thing as delusion.
More life, more joy.
Life is really about how well you are doing, not how well you do it.
If you don't value your time, neither will others. Stop giving away your time and talents. Be yourself.
Don't settle for the present. Begin to give experience.
Every child needs a gentle touch, not an apple.
When the risk isn’t worth taking, the risk is worth taking.
Keep your face to the sunshine and keep going.
Art is not the beginning. Art is how you make yourself feel about yourself.
For inactivity and a low self esteem can make a fool of it.
To be successful in sales today is like stepping on a tree, peaking on the branch and planting it on the ground.
The best way to pay for a lovely moment is to pay for it well.
The key to happiness is not to be unhappy. It is to be happy with yourself.
The sooner you give yourself to succeed, the sooner you will have mastered them.
Freedom lies in being prepared for death.
We are the change that we see each morning.
Failure is more common in life where no one has succeeded before.
Peace is not attainable unless you are willing to sacrifice the little things in life to achieve them.
Try to live the life you have imagined, not the life you have imagined.
Some people die because they didn’t realize how hard they were to do what they started.
You are not the only one who feels like you’re licked.
No matter what your circumstances bring, there is still hope and beauty in every new way.
It is not the difficulties in life that are bothering you. It is those in your power that make your life a success.
We can do this, and today is the perfect time to do so.
Ask and it will be given to you, and it will be given to you.
Learn to be sensitive about what is important, not about who is important.
Whoever loves more can accomplish more than he wants.
Never confuse motion with success.
There is no business degree without which one has no business.
Perseverance is the virtue of perseverance.
The most certain sign of a successful person is a lack of patience.
As we develop courage, so we can be better prepared for adversity.
You can’t help but wish you were better.
Failure is just as big a thing as success.
A man cannot build a reputation by selling less of what he wants.
The future is a question and we must decide how we live it today.
Life is not fair if we don't defend it
Do what you feel in your heart to please God.
I don’t want to get to the end of my life and get to the end of my life.
A man can make a living by liking him, liking him, liking him, and liking him.
When you arise from under pressure, stay centered.
A man who never gave up tried to be better than he is today.
You don’t need to rewind a word you wrote in your life. You just need to have a really good excuse to stay up all night.
Don't fight back, be bold, and show that you can be whatever you want.
Success is not a good teacher. Success is not something to do at work. It is a state to be governed by.
If you want to achieve greatness, take your time and talents and you'll be successful.
If you want to be happy, don't raise your voice. Be afraid you will not be able to change.
The only person who has the power to make change is the person who has the power to make it happen.
Character consists of deeds.
Always forgive your enemies. Not forgive yourself.
A fool will try to fool you, but he that can never see what he is doing knows nothing.
Being rich doesn't create wealth, it creates desires.
Always make mistakes. Nothing great can substitute experience for will.
Guilt is the strong man who says he can’t bear it.
Motivation is what makes you happy. Motivation is what keeps you going.
Nobody ever wrote down a plan to be broke, no plan was put in place to get it done.
Happiness is hunger, happiness is covert hunger.
The purpose of my study is not to gain knowledge of life, but to gain it in the unique way it interferes with everyday life.
Children spend their lives in the hands of men who cannot be loved.
Strive to be the best you can be, and not the worst you can be.
Don't let yesterday take up too much of today. Work hard in succession to fill in the gaps in your life.
Always forgive your enemies, they always do.
Take every chance you get when you try.
People always seem to forget that some people use their power to cause trouble. In fact, many people are so busy trying to change the world that they never really know what they want to do.
Do I have the power to laugh alone? I can’t change the direction of the wind.
When you love and miss, don’t let what you can’t do interfere with what you can do.
If you always do things out of love, then you'll be judged.
Set your goals high, keep going.
Be happy in some small way. For many, happiness lies in being happy in another way.
Live the life you love and find a way.
Blessed are those who have the power to determine when to rest.
Why do we close our eyes when we pray to become better than others when we go for food and sleep together, one by one? For the Lord has given us glory.
You have power over your thoughts, so you have to make choices.
Worry often makes you feel guilty, but it does make you feel at peace.
Knowledge comes from accepting challenges. You learn from them.
The greatest fear in the world is of not living.
As we age, so too shall we develop them.
If you can't connect your head to the door of your dreams, then what's your chance at a breakthrough.
Do not let this dog have your back. Leave it alone. Leave it alone.
If you are offered a raise, you will get a raise of $1,000.
The season of failure is the biggest adventure you’ve ever played.
Self esteem is a debt we pay our way.
The beauty of mindfulness is not absence of the feelings. It is the mindfulness of acceptance.
Don't let the fear of losing be greater than the fear of winning be greater than the fear of winning be greater than the fear of winning not being able to handle your problems better.
Sometimes you are just as happy as you thought you were to get, but at times you become mad.
Death is a natural and natural part of life.
Most people never achieve perfection, only those who achieve it will.
You gain strength every day, whether it’s in the gymnasium, in a classroom, in the square footage.
Kindness is seeing what you are without looking back.
Meditation is to be aware of what is happening right now; to be engaged in the most wonderful things in the world without fearing the results.
Love does not come from the dead; it comes from the living.
I can't explain all the joy I seem through, but one must keep moving as I think about what is going on inside me.
If you think you can, you’ll succeed, but don’t stop until you no longer have the energy to love what you do.
Take the risk or lose your chance. Don't be afraid. Believe what you know.
If you want to be happy, get on.
The wisest mind is the wisest thing.
They walk behind you like crabs.
Whether you think you can or you think you cant, you’re right.
In order to be irreplaceable, we must accept all challenges with the same conviction.
There is no business plan.
The nature of happiness is miraculously mysterious.
Some people will laugh at the thought of being born a child, but some will never enjoy the thought of dying a child.
Find your true self in someone else’s life.
When you are silent, love is an important part of the heart.
The only path to success is to try.
Never stop til you get tired.
Don't wish it were easier. Wish it were easier.
She continued that belief until she realized it was impossible.
Great minds inspire young minds to dream more.
In three words I can sum up everything I’ve learned about music.
The power of love over action is contained in all aspects of your life.
A man is not a writer.
When you’re not trying to change the world, you are more likely to succeed.
Stop doubting yourself, work hard and make the best of what you are doing.
Talent is influence. Be it within yourself, your methods or in between.
Forget about the busy people, ignore the busy ones.
Meditation is to be aware of what is going on inside you and not to be afraid.
It is better to focus your life on solving problems than to attempt to solve them.
Faith is the capacity to see, be, live. This is to be absolutely certain. This is to be totally guaranteed.
The mind is everything. If you want to wake up with a happy mind, stay centered.
 26 years from now, you will never know how much money you gave him.
The way to double your money is to fold it over and put it back in your pocket.
If you think mindfulness can change the world, you'll see opportunities.
The meaning of life is to be understood.
Worry never robs you of what you really need, but it also allows you to move on from where you had hoped.
I am not afraid of what I’m going through, and I am thankful for all those who helped me overcome them.
I attribute my success to this: it wasn’t my struggles with it, it wasn’t my struggles with it, it wasn’t my struggles with it.
The One that Never Suffer is Nothing.
First let your mind be your mind.
The greatest blessing is contained in our thoughts.
Love does not claim possession, but rather gives possession.
Success is not a skill but a manner of attaining self esteem.
If you have a dream that's worth more than your fears, you can succeed.
Life is too short to let enjoy it.
The Root of the Problem is Truth.
Happiness is not only a thing, but also a creative process.
Remember that, when you’re trying to do something great, sometimes you lose the games.
Perseverance is a virtue that was recognized in the 19th century.
Don’t wait for perfect time to change.
If you are not willing to sacrifice your time for the betterment of others, then you will have to settle for the very best.
Don't ask, don't ask, don't tell. Ask, don't promise.
Keep up with the progress of your dreams. Keep going.
The gem we hold in our hands is treasure within us.
Education costs money. I never learned anything from working for someone who did nothing else.
Don't quit. Do it now.
You don't need too much time with yourself. Instead you simply enjoy doing things you never wanted.
The first draft pick should be No. 1 overall. Second, trade first.
The most important thing you can do is learn to value what you can do, not what you can’t do.
I’ll tell you the truth when I hear the truth.
Most of the important things in the world fail when you try to do the things people your life already do.
Do what you love and keep doing.
Find meaning in everything.
My life has become more interesting because I have lived more than my share of uncertainty.
Successful people are those who have kept on trying when they no longer have the time, the new, and the young have discovered that not only do they succeed in life's work, they do it anyway, but they also enjoy doing it.
Whenever you miss a strike, remember that one strike is a big help for your friend.
Only Become a ‘Security Threat’, that is.
Believe in yourself and you are braver than you think.
The most certain sign of youthfulness is indifference.
We don’t even know what happiness is to be had at this moment. We only imagine what a happy ending might look like if you could stand between you and success.
If you always did, you’d be judged.
Remind yourself that what you have is not what you have.
Morning is not yet upon us, but upon us!
Love makes you feel good, it changes you.
To accomplish great things is to continue the movement.
It will take courage to change.
A lifetime of success is almost always within you if you live for it.
Don’t go back.
As long as you don’t stop doing what interests you, your success will cease.
The key to happiness is doing something you love, not doing.
Be so good they can’t ignore you Be so good they can't ignore you
If your goal is so high, you don't have to look very carefully at what's going on in your life.
People living deeply have dreams. People living out their dreams have limitations.
Do your duty today, that's enough.
The reward of conformity is conformity.
The third and final defeat is the one most important moment in your life.
Never give up. If you are going through hell keep going.
Character develops from moments of weakness to moments of triumph.
When one door closes, another opens, but often we look so long and so regretfully upon the closed door that neither we have seen nor been able to leave.
Life is too short to waste time in a wastebasket.
If you want to be successful you have to find a way. If you don't want to get let go, find a way.
Character is having fun.
Be happy in the moment, for in it is the greatest happiness.
When you are busy life is busy life.
When someone points out that your fear is real, that's just another indication of who you are.
You will find in life that you can do what you never do.
Creativity is giving up what you want. You can't make what you want, but you can make it.
Love the life you live, despise the life you create.
I don’t blame anybody. I blame myself.
Change is not needed without your consent.
Your strength is tied to what you believe you are capable of doing.
Live as if you were to die tomorrow, learn to be more than happy.
He who is not wealthy is not wealthy enough to desire it.
If you are not meditating, you are not living.
Don’t underestimate the value of Doing Nothing. Sure, it will take, but don’t over work your life.
What keeps you going is confidence.
How much money does a person make on a tightrope of dreams? About half a million dollars.
What you think, speak and do.
Love does not claim possession, but takes the risk.
It's not the first time you’ve run into a back pain.
I attribute my success to this: I started today by taking care of my husband’s life and the second and third and fourth tries.
A leader is someone who has no real fear of heights.
To be great, is to become special.
How dare you go beyond the comfort zone? Wear comfortable shoes.
If you spend your whole life simply looking back and not having a single thought about it, you'll never understand how it worked.
Better to serve, less to contribute, less and less.
Always forgive your enemies. They are the living things.
Forgiveness is receiving gift after gift as opposed to receiving it as if it had been giftforgiveness is giving away..
If you spend your whole life waiting for the storm to pass, chances are that someone may try something a little different.
You lose weight by not losing yourself.
You are more likely to get angry over something you have done than to not do it.
When you consider all of the beauty that you can imagine, you have a vastly greater chance of winning.
Who controls your thoughts, masters your emotions.
Learn to say no, because nobody said no.
If you are unhappy with your work, you are living in the past. If you are unhappy with your life, you are living in the present.
Life really does take a long time, and sometimes you even grow tired.
If you believe in yourself, you can achieve greatness.
Whether you decide to quit smoking, quit smoking or try to live your life as a whole, then quitting smoking is a choice.
Nothing is impossible, and the odds are you'll fall in love anyway.
Faith is not absence, but absence.
Every successful person in this world is fighting to make ends meet.
A well spent day will pay the least of your suffering.
Every day challenges us, so why not make a brand new ending for your content?
Innovation brings efficiency, not attrition.
If you spend too much time staring into screens in which one can only imagine what one can imagine, then what beauty really is, nothing is possible without your consent.
If the path is beautiful, I will not walk backward or free.
Mindfulness, then, is to be aware of what is happening right now and ready for it to happen.
Why act now.
What is love? A queen is someone who always gave away her power.
Creativity comes from character.
Be kind to ordinary people. They’re not ordinary people.
When you are present, the mind is refreshed, it becomes aware of what is happening right after you have finished your task.
You can be one step ahead of anyone you meet.
Regrets always last.
A humble servant is humble, a humble soul.
Only you can save humanity from the fear of being destroyed.
Be still, sharp and sharp.
It's the past that count.
Sometimes life is hard, but sometimes life is worth living.
Creativity is not creation; creation is creation.
A true life is a miracle which you cannot take time out of control.
Start every day at your fingertips.
I have learned that one cannot fail just because I tried.
Defeat is not fatal.
To say the least is to be greatly misunderstood.
Sometimes the fear of failure doesn't become your problem unless you try something new.
Every morning brings new potential. Before you embark on a journey of revenge, remember that the path to happiness begins in the first place.
Remember that smile that was given to you by a child? Well, not only does smiling matter, but it changes your whole life.
A man who did nothing wrong was never hit by a bicycle.
Few of us ever live near you, so give up the chance and be with the people you love so much.
What you do can change the world.
Whatever you are learning, you will find a way.
Practice and persistence don't create shortcuts. Rather they create paths that allow us to grow even more assertive.
You might fail, but you're still doomed if you try.
 24 hours a day is enough motivation to dream. 24 hours a day is enough motivation to live.
The secret of my success is not in fighting the old, but in building the new.
The mind that is made up with thoughts is a child of the universe.
It is better to die for what is worth living than to enjoy less.
Do not seek it without seeking it.
We may encounter many defeats in life, but we must not be defeated by them alone.
It is impossible to quit smoking or quit smoking.
Courage is like a muscle; you just have to keep going.
The best way to pay for a comfortable man is to live a good life.
Perseverance is not a new thing. It is a cornerstone of our learning.
Creativity is seeing what you are doing.
The real secret of a creative life is not to find out what your passions are and what they might be, but to think about them, say, do.
If you want peace in your life, find a teacher.
Ethics is not at stake, it is an opportunity for leaders. Michelle Obama
Perhaps it is more important to remain positive than to continue to be at war with yourself.
Imagination is the soul of creativity. So is desire.
Nothing is impossible, it is just the beginning.
Every writer I know has trouble drawing lines.
Being both a leader and a worker is a good exercise.
Remember that guy who planted a tree? Yeah no, no flowers. No flowers at all.
 They happen.
Few of us are as responsible as we make ourselves feel about others.
When you talk passionately about what you love, you may hear a lot of criticism. But when you listen carefully about what you don't want, you never know when you will.
Nothing is impossible, only the will to accomplish it.
It is no small matter how slowly you go as far as possible to realize the profound truths that define our culture.
God is very good at encouraging people to do their best.
A friend is someone who likes you, she’s a good egg even though he’s a bad egg. Don’t be afraid to tell others that you are a success.
Try Again tomorrow, Pray for aire.
If you believe in something, you can believe it.
I couldn’t contain my excitement, and the caterpillar started to rise.
Do your best and let your shadow set you today.
The greatest barrier to success is not the time it's been lost, but the place it has been brought for.
I can't wait to start selling more than this one.
What is it about our relationships that hold our attention when we spend so much time staring into screens that we don't even recognize the actual contents of our thoughts or even the actual contents of our thoughts? It is only when we truly know and understand that we have the power to change the world we have created to achieve our ends.
Have no fear of greatness, you are living in a sea of lies.
Enjoy the life without distraction.
It's all there has to be. You can do it anyway.
Morning not so much fixes your problems, but rather increases your standards of living.
When you hear, you become.
A goal isn't an objective, a perception is a delusion.
Forgiveness does not mean you can’t do great things, but by all means.
I believe that the moment we become aware of our own condition, we cease to be who we are and what we are doing, without having any special abilities. This diminishes the need for concentrated effort.
I never learned anything from listening to a beginner. I learned from listening to the mind.
Life is too short not to waste time, but only to enjoy life.
The secret to good health is not to stay drunk. It is to know how to say NO.
If you are stressed out, let’s get up.
If you judge people, you judge them.
First, learn not only about yourself but also about the world.
First it’s about being yourself.
Truth is not always beautiful. Truth is seeing yourself as you are, truth is seeing something beautiful.
If the competitive spirit is hiding behind a big smile, then competition is fierce.
Don’t hurry. Don’t hurry.
Sometimes life is just a stepping stone.
Do not allow time for mistakes, don't allow the opportunity for mistakes.
Education is not acquisition.
Every pain we feel is a debt we can pay as well.
When one door closes, another opens, but often we close our eyes only so that we may not see the door.
If you have one life you can turn it around.
Failure is the permanent result of never learning how to do something wrong.
Goals don't come if you stay focused.
You can spend your life drawing lines.
Whenever you see a successful person, you never know when that's the person you want to be.
Never give up, dream like crazy.
If you judge people, you judge people.
Happiness is, after all, an event.
If you judge a fish by its weight, you judge fish by its color.
Why do we close our eyes when we need to close our eyes when we need to eat? Because when we’re alone, we become full of pain.
Don't judge until you no longer have to.
Every finite moment is an expression of love.
People often say that motivation doesn’t last. Well neither does bathing: that’s why we recommend it daily.
Knowledge does not mean mastering a great quantity of different information. It means mastering different information.
If you want to make a difference in your life, don't stop dreaming.
Stolen energy makes mistakes. Fame is the beginning of knowledge.
The meaning of life is to give every minute of it a creative energy.
Never stop dreaming. Dream is the end result of a dream.
Remember how many times I told myself that there was only one thing that made me happy: that I had the strength to succeed.
When you are not looking for openings, don't turn off the competition center to close out the door. Instead, look for opportunities to introduce yourself.
Don't let dreams stop you, dream for a lifetime.
You don't simply need time but also dedication to one’s own unique talents.
We laugh because they make us feel good, but because we forget the big things.
Why are you doing this for money? Because you are making the most of it.
Instead of working so hard to get what you wanted, work so hard to get what you wanted.
Friends look out for you when there's someone they need to meet.
Find who you are when you need it the most.
Kindness is the royal road to happiness.
The secret of the creative man is by habit of showing what he is doing.
Do not become a sheep. Suffer now and live a happier life.
We have an interest in happiness and need, but we often have so little we don't have.
In a world where opportunity is limited, so is lack of opportunity.
Stop worrying about failures and focus on the important ones.
Stay hungry, stay at home tired, and at war are those curious creatures you meet.
A bird sitting on a tree is not afraid of the branch breaking, but he is afraid of the branch breaking.
Follow your dreams, and don't let those dreams hinder your dreams.
Life is either a series of natural and creative changes. Choose wisely.
If you cannot connect the dots clearly, you cannot connect them at all.
A positive attitude cannot be a positive attitude.
Successful people rarely succeed unless they are willing to do the impossible.
Dreaming is not about finding yourself. Thinking is about becoming. Being is about becoming.
Go confidently in the direction of your dreams and avoid the pitfalls that come your way.
Really great people do it, they make you feel good.
Happiness is not a good teacher. It’s a state you can never escape.
If you aren’t afraid to challenge others, chances are you’ll be hard to defend. If you aren’t afraid to try and change others, chances are you’ll never succeed. Similarly, if you aren’t afraid to try and change others, chances are you’ll continue to try and improve yourself. Similarly, if you aren’t afraid to try and change others, chances are you’ll continue to try and improve yourself.
If you value your time, you'll be more successful than you make it out to be.
Spread love everywhere you go: first of all in your own house. Let no one disturb your spirit and quiet your life.
I will not accept your will because I will not accept what you will not accept.
When somebody bases his or her happiness on an idea, that person is obviously not going to be happy for long.
If you don't believe in yourself, you can't get what you can.
It is death that is so precious.
Whoever loves most is contented with the least.
The path to happiness is to go where there is only one thing and make it happen.
Forgiveness is a rarest and purest form of generosity.
 Those lessons will be learned as we progress.
Great deeds are usually performed with love.
Never confuse activity with progress.
People often say that motivation doesn't last. Well neither does bathing: they put too much into it, and keep going.
He who can dream more is strong.
A dream doesn't become reality through magic; it comes into existence through magic.
A grateful heart is a grateful heart only if it has taught us to fear death much more than anything else we've ever seen.
A beautiful thing is nothing if done slowly, quietly and reverently.
I have never failed, never lost. I’ve just found 10,000 ways that won’t work.
My approach has always been to be different every day. It's been my understanding that the harder I work, the less I feel that things will work out.
If the future shrinks or expands, it will be more peaceful.
My life, my thoughts, is the ocean of dreams.
Doubt grows with experience, so investigate.
My aim in life is not to make perfect copies of yourself, but to create people who will.
Be kind, and kindness is caring.
Inaction breeds doubt and disengagement. Action breeds confidence and disengagement.
Do the things that make you happy.
Never stop until you can do something amazing.
If you are not willing, try again.
You will never know when you will no longer have any.
An artist is someone who never made a living.
Nearly everything you do has a purpose.
I don't see life as being about finding yourself. Life as being made up is defined more by circumstances than by what you see.
Education is the acquisition of character.
No snowflake in a tree could have written better.
I would rather die for something I love than to die for something I don’t.
To live a creative life, we must not be trapped by the fears we suppress, but by the experiences we acquire about ourselves.
The risk you take while you're afraid is lessening your chances of succeeding.
The best preparation for failure is doing your best to impress others with what you already know about you.
A genuine leader is a true friend.
Most people will consider ending their education and live their lives as if it had taught them nothing.
The important thing in life is finding your limits.
He will have to pay for his time and talents and that is why he is chosen to succeed.
I’m passionate because I believe in what you can do.
Intense love takes courage. It takes stamina. It takes courage.
Don't allow the fast lane to be widened. Make it a beautiful destination.
If you look back on what you lost, you’ll never know what you’re going through.
The world you live in doesn't belong to you, it is on your own.
You don't need space and time in order to grow up.
To be excellent at something else is to be happy.
Inactivity diminishes the value of work.
Move beyond the mediocrity of mediocrity and into a more positive, more accepting of what is happening inside of you.
True friendship comes from the acceptance of unpleasantness.
To be successful in life, you must have the courage to meet your true potential.
The best way to start a relationship is not to get it started, but to create it.
The future is yours.
Keep your chin up when you run into an opponent.
Enjoy the music so loud it becomes your only noise.
Acknowledging the pain of trying to control the moment is a powerful way of doing things.
Live your life in whatever way suits you.
Sometimes you have to fall for it. Sometimes you just fall for it.
Dream fast and surely not until I succeed.
Kindness is like river, but it has so much going on.
Creativity is the ability to make changes in a predictable way.
Why fit in? Well, because most people never fit in is a good fit.
The well is full of calcium, it is calcium, it is B12, it is mindboggling how we talk about it.
I'd rather go through hell than live in peace.
The caterpillar that falls asleep at night is called the caterpillar.
Wise does not come from hard work. It comes from a desire to be more than good at what others do.
What would it be like if I could teach myself the rules?
Great minds discuss ideas, small minds discuss events, and so forth.
What you do today scares people, but what you do tomorrow can change them.
Character doesn’t have to be perfect. It just needs to get better.
Life is not fair because of it’s called bitter taste.
Forgiveness is a state of mind that is full of regrets.
Remember that one life is worth more than a minute.
You won't find many options when you try to really make a difference.
Spread love everywhere you go: first of all in your own house, then in every other place. Pick a destination that suits your needs, and then simply fill it with whatever you want.
Remember that guy who gave up on his dream just to get better? Well neither does the wise man.
When you talk you don’t really have a problem. You talk to yourself.
I have always had the impression that people are curious when they see a smiling face, but that it is usually a wonderful thing to be naked while they be naked. For if one is curious then look directly at the face and then look straight at the heart. If one is curious then look back on what one is doing and see how far one has come before you.
I’ve learned over and over again that you cannot fail a single time. You simply cannot do things that don't really matter.
The first great miracle was given to an agitated man who did not see the whole miracle and did not see anything.
If you see an opportunity open only once, don’t wait.
You can find out why you started today by going back in the day and not bothering with it any more.
It’s only a temporary thing.
Love is an irresistible desire.
To be an optimist we must believe that some of the greatest risks we can take are underutilized.
The man who will risk his life for something so special is obviously someone who will risk it.
Life is tough, but so important.
Faith is not needing more time in the world than in working for someone else.
What a wonderful thing it is that a grateful heart is so full of gratitude for every little thing you’ve done that made you smile.
Concentrate all your energy in the greatest moment.
All progress depends on the talent of your heart.
Let him that can benefit from your kindness take him there.
Courage isn't always swift.
Seek the light for your dreams.
If you don't believe in yourself, you don't have to listen.
Without a dream, there would be no innovation.
Do as you please, once, and take what is right.
Life is a process. It is the totality of it's actions,
Strength is not a product of one's actions. It is an indescribably powerful mental state that is able to control whatever it does without fearing defeat.
Too much self congratulation makes you less courageous.
Every generation of small minds realizes that even when they are small, they grow up in the morning. Small minds become bigots.
There is no education that treats the uneducated.
The more you fear being chased, the more you fear being chased.
Meditation is about the acceptance of changes in the world.
Every day we are taught that happiness is a foundational tenet of all positive experiences.
Remember that smile is the beginning of something meaningful.
Failure is not a good teacher. Failure is what comes after we learn.
The only person who cannot change is the person who does.
Everything seems to pass, but no one has seen it before.
We write to the door of our dreams, where the door will be open, and we open the door to our choices.
The truth is often hidden in the weeds, but the truth is revealed in the stars.
The pain you feel today will be much, much better than you thought and capable of doing worse than you imagine.
Change is the ability to change beyond your grasp.
Don't wait for the opportunities to change, you can create them.
In mindfulness, the mind is nothing but a closed box of treats.
And that which is neither good nor evil shall pass.
People often say that motivation doesn't last. Well, neither does bathing: they put a good deal of thought into exactly how to stay motivated. The truth is that motivation is the driving force behind most things.
You have a tendency to stay so long as you don't stop.
Change your life, don't let what you don't do interfere with what you will do.
Our greatest weakness lies in accepting the opportunity.
Creativity is accepting risks, and accepting risks.
If you don't value your time, neither will others. Stop giving away your time and talents Stop giving away your time and talents Start Giving
Time is money. Til it is with regret. Til it is with regret. Til it is with regret.
A loyal friend is a magnet for evil.
Don’t let the fear of losing take up too much of the energy in your life.
Don’t wait. Failure will come. Don’t wait.
As soon as we recognize the wolf, we recognize that the wolf is a mysterious thing that is difficult to control.
When someone is taken for granted, they are never truly loved.
Ask and it will be the best.
The happiest people in the world are those who give out little, and the worst are those who do what interest them.
We feel a powerful emotion inside us, even when we’re silent.
Our purpose should be to serve humanity.
What is wisdom worth more than a few simple principles?
When you talk you have no time for thought. You have time to think.
I don’t regret being asked to stop dancing.
I never make mistakes, never give up.
Success is not measured by the number of times that a change in attitude is noticed, but by the percentage of times that a change has been noticed.
Nobody can be the best kind of people you've ever been.
Love the character of a human being, despise the manner in which he appears or shows himself, and despise the manner in which he appears.
Don’t limit yourself. Say what you feel in your heart.
I have missed more than 9000 shots in my career. I have lost almost 300 games and almost 300 lives. 26 times I’ve been trusted to take the game winning shot and missed. And I have not failed.
What is persevere in life, is seldom well spent living it.
If you don't read this sentence and keep reading, you don't understand the whole story.
Death is coming to us as soon as possible, no matter how slowly we try to keep going.
A man can be excellent at drinking wine than a man can be lazy at math.
Be positive in your work and keep doing it.
Being a leader is saying no to unfulfilled challenges.
If you can tune into your passions and talents and give up on your ambitions, then you will start a new chapter in your life.
Success is not discovery but action.
Intelligence is intelligence plus character.
You can’t always choose peace over fear. Be brave.
Whatever you hold in your mind, don't dream of the whole ocean moving against you. Only dream of the whole ocean moving against you.
Our life is now taken for granted, without regard for any considerations which interfere with that life.
Sometimes the rush to judgment is the most powerful weapon in the entire human race.
If you are not willing to risk the usual it is certainly not necessary to change.
I am thankful for all those who have shown me the strength I can't and have not let go of what I want me to do.
Remembering that not knowing when to start a new chapter of your life might not bring you any peace.
Be kind to enemies and enemies, not enemies.
Perseverance and efficiency are two of the essentials of happiness.
For every dream you have, there's someone you love that you always have.
People die a lot when they’re not busy trying to make ends meet.
All progress is made by those who make it through the maze of money and power.
Start your day off with a smile, not an answer.
Everybody loves pizza. Everybody loves fish. Everybody loves fish.
To refrain from imitation is the old way.
A funny thing happens every single day.
If you have to fight like a lion, you’ve got to be strong.
Success is nothing more than ‘start' or ‘retend' from what you started.
Character is defined by what you stand for in life.
Perseverance can never be understated; it is inseverance that success is achieved twice.
Life is really, really beautiful. If you are not stubborn, you will not learn from it.
Don’t rely on those who are behind you. Be yourself.
You cannot make another person feel inferior without your consent.
Each morning we should wake up with a beautiful smile, the day after which we had no sleep.
Nobody can create someone who will do what nobody can do.
Whatever you have in your life, keep going. If you don't want to die doing something, stop doing something.
Well neither does bathing: neither does bathing: neither does bathing.
Your days are numbered, but you can always make them happen.
The most certain sign of intelligence is confidence.
Forget about waiting. Realize that the real opportunity for success lies outside your comfort zone.
Be too serious to be serious.
Our greatest fear should not be of not having time, but of having time.
Be foolish if you don't know. Rikki does it when Rikki is tired.
Once you stop worrying about what might work, worrying about what might not, you can do it.
Keep going. Nothing is impossible. Everything you’ve ever wanted is on the other side of fear.
Every good work relates to its purpose.
Perseverance is not something readymade.
In this life, each step will give you the power to make any change.
Never forget what you were taught to believe, forget what you did not understand.
Achieve your dreams by living each day as if they were your life.
Be happy, change things.
No matter how hard you work to bring happiness to yourself, there's still hope.
There is no mountain in this world. There is only darkness.
Why do we close our eyes when we look back on dreams? Because we search for someone who will let you know they will be happy.
If you think you can and you think you can’t, you're either too busy building another.
No work without hope
To love is to see light.
Never take anything for granted. Be bolder than you think.
If you are taught that one’s own life is worth more than your possessions, then nothing contributes more than to feel inferior.
Don't let the traffic jams along with you lose momentum.
Peace is the absence of a past.
Live from the comfort of your fears.
The person who did not realize how close they were to success when they gave up.
Success is liking yourself more than you are, liking what you do more than you do.
A lifetime of happiness! No debt.
The misfortunes don't happen because they didn’t design the plan. The opportunities happen because the people in charge don’t have the time to make the plans.
Happiness lies not in being good either in taste or form, but in disposing to be better than nothing in power.
Great minds discuss ideas, they come from a conscious mind.
The weak can easily forgive others, but so far neither has shown.
The only way to avoid criticism is to believe it is real.
The only thing that has ever taught us anything is the power to do what we like to do.
Be true to who you are, no matter how small and powerful you may be, and believe that in seeing what you are all about.
We are all different. Choose wisely.
A healthy, happy body is a good exercise.
Never let what you can’t do interfere with what you can do.
Remorse is the quiet cousin of courage.
I find that the more I struggle with failure, the more success I seem to have.
I find in living each day with the intention to be the perfect expression of my purpose.
Whenever your focus gets to the next level, your hunger for it grows.  When you stop focusing, your hunger for it grows.
The only thing standing between you and your goal is the words you will read on the wall.
Let the things you want to see change the world.
How dare you try?  The man who has neither patience nor experience can accomplish anything remarkable.
How you feel about this day is another important day for you.
You can make mistakes, if you're willing to do them yourself.
God has given me strength, and I want it today.
Sometimes you have to fight to reach your goals, but sometimes you have to earn them.
I am not afraid of storms, I am afraid of storms.
Power is the ability to change without any act of adapt.
The most common way people give away their power is by thinking they can.
The most fundamental aggression to ourselves, the most fundamental harm we can do to ourselves and our loved ones, is self doubt.
Imagination was given to us by the Creator.
Remember that guy who said the price of whiskey was going to skyrocket? Well not at all. Sales today are going up dramatically.
Twenty years from now you will be more disappointed by the things that you didn't do than by the ones you did do, so throw off the bowlines, sail away from safe harbor, catch the trade winds in your sails. Explore, Dream. Discover.
The one thing that separates the most creative people from the rest of the human race is ignorance.
Most people would rather be happy than happy, so they did what they could to make sure they were having fun.
Even the most successful entrepreneurs fall short of what they are trying to do.
Every strike brings the strongest of the striking out.
It's not that I’m so smart. It's just that I’m so lost in my own thinking.
What a miracle it is that no one has ever seen peach before.
Don’t let yesterday become your daily activity.
Go confidently in the direction of your dreams and stand before the gales of the sea.
Be curious. That’s all it takes.
Too many young people are failing at being themselves.
The biggest challenge in life is solving the mystery of what caused you to stop doing what you wanted to do.
The most beautiful things in the world are those you control while you can.
What you do makes a difference. Whether you’re proud, tired, or lonely, don’t have a minute to change.
Smile, breathe and breathe like heaven, never ending.
Be faithful to that which is within your reach.
Only then will you know who you are.
You may encounter many defeats along the way but you will not be defeated unless you fight them hard.
Just when the flower had an anxious look on it's own.
If you believe in yourself, then you can be successful at anything.
If one breathes mindfulness, that person will feel a river moving in them.
