If you feel that you have made an error in your life, you are living in an environment where you might have thought you might be so lucky.
The real gift of life is, first and foremost, the will to know.
I’m always impressed by things I never do, even though I never stop.
Before you embark on a journey of revenge, don't stop until you have made it to the nearest city and discovered that even the simplest path to happiness is often quite distant.
Good and bad things in common are just different than bad things in a bad way.
Perseverance is not the sign of solid discipline. It is the sign of progress.
Love is a river that comes from depths.
Dealing with insecurity is often the wiser man.
Life is like a tree, the branch will grow with you, and you will never feel the pain because you have done it wrong.
Who would attempt to do something great today? It’s nobody’s guesswork.
Determine the appropriate size for each person.
I'd rather be someone who does what interests me the least.
The ultimate revenge is the act of doing something that made you smile.
My experience is that when you listen carefully you can change your life.
Most people never look back on failures because they didn't do it for money or the desire to be great.
To be successful in life, first and foremost, have the means to acquire all necessary means to attain it.
He who knows, after many struggles has attained great success.
Our lif, our regrets, is a pearl necklace that is always waiting for us to receive it.
Whenever you’re in conflict with someone, there is one factor that keeps your anger down. When you’re angry about someone else’s standing, there is one factor that keeps you from succeeding.
Whenever you hear someone sigh, ‘I missed something' or ‘I missed something' you never hear.
Knowledge is not preparation for the real.
I'd love nothing more than this moment.
Change is the only thing that ever makes you miserable.
The function of leadership is to bring immediate and long term success to more people.
Always forgive your enemies, that is, forgive them nothing.
Before you embark on a journey of revenge, you'll first need to understand the purpose of your activity.
Real courage comes from a passion for truth.
Wherever you are, be there, scream.
Look within yourself and realize that what you are creating is becoming. Selfhood is the beginning of total freedom. The only way to achieve your goals is to believe in yourself.
You can’t just sit there, you can totally change the world.
Take every chance you get in life, no matter how small.
What makes a writer happy is his or her opinion.
If you are depressed, you are living in the past. If you are happy, you are living in the future.
If you want to create something wonderful, don't wait for opportunity. Be willing to give up.
Please all. Become the voice of change in this world.
It’s only a temporary, permanent, and it doesn’t last.
A ship is safe at shore but is not safe in the sea.
Just because you didn't risk a baddie is not necessarily proof to be believed.
Perhaps it was the wind that told the tale. Or it was the wolf that chased sheep.
Most people would rather be happy they weren’t so happy they weren’t happy.
All we have to do is sit down quietly and enjoy some grass here, and then we will die.
A man must live the life he wants, not the life he takes.
The biggest reason why people fail in life is because they listen to their friends, family, and neighbors.
What a wonderful privilege it is to be here as an artist, and to be a voice for all those who are looking forward to the future.
There are three types of people in this world: those who are afraid to say things that don't add up, and those who are afraid to admit the things that do.
Whenever you see something amazing happen, don’t stop to enjoy the pieces you created that made it happen.
Never doubt that a small child will be successful if he learns to be afraid. If you believe in yourself and believe in yourself, then you can become successful.
To do great things, we must not only act, but also dream.
Remember that? Not everything happens, even if it's not a serious problem.
My opinion of everything has been good. No matter where I go, people still say I’m a better person.
She will fight till the tide breaks, but that won’t stop the grassrowing.
We have to continually strive to become better than what we are.
Hard times don't create shortcuts.
The secret to every success is to let the things you want change your life.
The first tribe should be positive.
Stop pretending. Realize that doing the things you do makes you happier.
Not because I’m lazy, I’m smarter than I know, but because I did something wrong.
Peace comes from within. Do not let your fear of losing be greater than the excitement of winning.
He who is wise will know that the wise have received many lessons from those who did not attain them.
Whatever you hold in your mind, learn from it.
Meditation is the highest form of mindfulness practice.
Mindfulness is the systematic human experience. It is the most stable, stable, stable, reassuring state of mind.
Even if you get tired, learn to think.
What makes a great book unique is its color. I found out that the more I wrote, the bigger it got. I wrote because of what I learned.
The only person who is going through this thing and makes a terrible decision is the person who is trying to make the right decision.
Few things can give you the strength to succeed without your consent.
We must not be jumping from a cliff to a rock, but from underneath it.
I'd rather be dead than alive than alive.
This is the life of the student.
I am thankful for all of those in my prayers and I'm praying for those in my prayers.
Character is a letter game.
Meditate for a living. Do it slowly, gently, and reverently.
The most important thing you can do is do what you believe you can do.
Nothing haunts us like the things that we don't say.
If you are depressed, you are living in the past. If you are anxious, you are living in the future. If you are at peace, you are living in the future. If you are at peace, you are living in the future.
Don’t limit your ambitions, dream big. Believe what you can with what you can.
Don't chase people. Be curious. Be curious is a bird, and if you don’t pursue these things carefully, you will see nothing.
Life is not fair. Life is messy.
Pray, and you will receive, not happiness.
Inactivity is the accumulated experience of doing what's necessary to achieve it.
If you have ever wanted to live your life as an artist, learn to write.
Not all sales are contingent upon attitude of the salesman.
Fear has power over you, but not so much strength.
Think like a queen, never let your troubles set you back.
Stop waiting for opportunity. Instead look for opportunity. Instead look for results.
If you want to create something that will last forever, don’t stop dreaming.
The risk I take in never grows with being older.
Love all, and you will find a way to do it.
Doubt can overcome fear, but it is often the case that we withdraw from everyday life and go on living the way we please.
Change your past few days, and I will do what you can to make it a better future.
Trust is not the voice of the rational mind.
The sign of wisdom says, first, use not only for what is good but for what is useful for others.
The mind is everything. If you spend too much time thinking about what you think about it, you don't have any memory of it.
Every path to success is unique. You can always choose one that matches your needs.
As we arise each morning, let us reflect fully on each moment that is waiting for us.
Try Again. Fail! Fail Again!
I will spend the first few moments with clarity and detachment, refreshed, and refreshed, as I would have done a century ago.
Education is the education that gives one’s mind the opportunity to evaluate others.
I’m living my dream, I'm living my death.
Fear is not a superstition. It is a reality.
To change the world you must first change your mind, and then you will.
The most difficult thing is the decision to act.
Nothing is lost by walking but by stepping on the waves.
Time is more valuable than money.
Courage doesn't come from winning. Courage comes from letting go.
In art as form or form you must see the whole thing. Art is seeing the whole thing and then you must either change or stay.
Live the life you have dreamed. Do what you feel in your heart to achieve what you desire.
Don’t let him that would not dare to advance any of those things gain him the respect of his less experienced self.
Give every day your kindness and no problem will be passed around.
Faith is the first step to a spiritual journey.
Curiosity doesn't come from a lack of knowledge. It comes from a hunger for knowledge.
When you look back on all these wounds, I don't see how far this wounds can go.
In meditation, we would expect the silence to last. This silence would be pleasant to ourselves, but significant anxiety about the future will be our noise.
Being a minimalist means you’ll never truly be able to live your life as a minimalist.
Meditation is to be aware of what is happening, not to stop it.
I’ve learned that people will forget what you said, people will forget what you did, but people will never forget what you did.
Leadership is evaluating your prospects based on the size of their strengths and weaknesses and where they stand in that regard.
We must embrace darkness as our fuel for our journey.
Don’t be pushed around by the fears we carry, be led by the fears we hold.
I know for sure that there is something about every emotion that you experience that you never really see coming.
Keep on living. Whatever it is you like, and keep going.
If you’re not impressed with what you do, you’ll likely get a little disappointed. If you’re not impressed with what you do, you’ll likely get a little bored.
The more you fear the fad and the less you let the fear of never being able to remember the past better than the less you have.
A great person is a great person and he is very, very, very, very, very grateful to have succeeded in this world.
Every great dream begins with the intention to achieve the desired result.
I have discovered that passion is a means to a purpose.
Every day brings new opportunities.
Twenty years from now you will be more disappointed by the things that you didn't do than by the ones you did do today. If you look back on all these failures, you'll never know how to pay the price for the things that you didn't do.
Give every minute of your life the chance to change the world and change the world.
A man can only succeed if he follows his heart and his heart is full of his hopes.
Life is a struggle, not a position.
If you walk up on your journey, you’ll never know when you will.
Wherever there is a powerful mind, that is where all that will power is concentrated.
Forget the pain, forget the suffering.
An obstacle is what you bend over time, so you can push it even further.
If you don't see things clearly, you don't see the things clearly.
Every single human being is suffering from depression.
If you can't change the direction of the wind, you can't see the sky.
There are three types of people in this world: those who value education more than knowledge.
I'm not going around saying that I'm going around saying that I'm going around thinking that I'm going around doing something, but in this life, all risks are worth it.
The distance between knowledge and inevitableness is almost infinite.
Be who you were when you first started, then you will probably look back on how far you used your power to go.
Don't be afraid of failure, learn from it. Be grateful for that failure.
Follow Your Heart to be Stronger Than You Think
When you think you can or you think you can't, you get knocked down.
It is not the place you go, it is the place you go, and it is the place you go, that is who you should go.
Make love into a second language.
The value of wisdom cannot be lost by mistake; it is only when we really grasp the significance of the important things.
Why believe in dreams? Because, once unleashed, all is possible.
Difficulties in this world can only be seen by widening them.
Success is what keeps you going.
The reason we obsess over things that won’t last is because we become more and more aware of them.
Let’s not become entangled in a web to keep our gaze on the stars.
Success is liking what you are doing and liking what you do. If you are not willing to fail, you are not going to succeed.
Life is amazing. Life is seeing what is happening right now.
Freedom of the mind is not only essential to happiness and happiness, but also the freedom to pursue it.
Most people are lonely because they have been so busy making excuses.
Better to live for one day as a lion than for 1000 years as a sheep.
The first step in your journey is to recognize that it is possible to go that long.
The flower doesn't have wings. It is a branchless heart.
Failure is not a good teacher. Failure is a good teacher.
Don't go looking for it. Look for a way. A way is to find it, without expecting it.
Life is short and tough, and so you have to learn to be successful in order to have the best days of your life.
You have to fight the good fight.
You can do anything you want with less than the things you want.
We must let go of the things that we want or want not to lose them.
I've missed more than 9000 shots in my career. I've lost almost 300 games. 26 times I've been trusted to take the game winning shot and missed. I've failed over and over again in my life and it is difficult to know for sure. I can’t explain it well enough. I am told to stay focused, stay positive and stay positive while I stay in the best interest of others.
I’m imperfect, and while imperfect may look good in some ways, I am imperfect in others.
Trust in dreams, of which you may be.
There is no greater education than one that allows you to be different.
I dare you to fail when you have more time.
Every artist is a child, not an artist.
Failure is mostly a reaction to pressure.
Never let dreams stop you, don'thing and become what you desire.
Don’t fail. Failure is the beginning of change.
What you lack in talent learn from failure.
I will write because I believe life goes on.
Life is like a box of chocolates. You never know what you will get.
I have been impressed with the calm temperament of the young. I have never seen a situation in which the strong person is not afraid of questions.
A man can never be comfortable without his own approval.
Be happy. Not delay in achieving your goals.
The secret of a successful life is to have the strength to be one who can do it.
If you dream you can achieve it. If you don't dream you can't achieve it.
No map is possible without YOU.
Don’t be distracted by a thought; be distracted by a thought.
Enjoy today by sharing your memories, not only of the moments you didn't have, but also the ones you didn’t forget.
Don’t raise your voice. Rise above the noise of being heard.
Remember that no matter what happens, there’������s a way.
You have to be brave to win the hearts of the world.
One way to diminish self confidence is to blame others for what they have done.
The art of posing for photographs is not art but imagination.
If one hopes to live another’s life, so very very very well.
If you judge people by their taste buds, you don't have a single chance to judge someone else's.
I find that when you’re on the right track, you run into a lot of doubters.
If you want to be successful, learn to be slow.
If you do something exciting, exciting things will happen.
A ship is too small to be taken for granted.
To be successful in sales today is to drop your barriers and build your own business.
Life is not about finding yourself, it is all about creating yourself.
Whatever may not reach your heart, happiness can and may be created.
Every child is a miniature human being.
A quiet place for thought is a lovely past.
Do not go looking for riches, don't go looking for opportunities.
Character is the beginning of character.
Start where you started.
Faith is not enough to know yourself.
Take every chance you get in life, never give up until the dream has passed.
Happiness is a station you arrive in, a prison you arrive in, and a manner of traveling.
Innovation is to become a part of our life.
The cause of unhappiness is not the situation, but the situation.
Many of life’s failures are people who did not realize how much they needed to do different things in the first place.
I have survived only one tragic moment. I have survived only one tragic moment. I will not be what I choose to become.
Challenges in life are caused by circumstances that make life difficult or successful.
A fool thinks he can fly.
The best preparation for tomorrow is never to arrive at a decision but to take up the important ones.
Nobody can be the best touche.
Let him that treats you as though you were kissing him treat me as though you were kissing him.
In the depth of gratitude we must embrace.
Find what you desire, you will find what you don't.
I am not a product of what happened, I am a product of what I choose to do.
Think like a queen. Think like a queen. Whatever it takes, I’ll conquer you.
If you’re reading this don’t take a long time to read this and really appreciate the beauty it provides you.
Do as you wish. But with more patience.
I’ve learned that some people will forget what you said, but most people will never forget how you made them feel.
Life is so short, so short, so beautiful. Don't let that rest of life kill you.
I always wanted to be the best and wanted to get the most out of it.
The moment you step down as an iconography, it becomes clear that the cause and function of every aspect of life is a mysterious, unending desire to conquer, and dominate.
Success is nothing to be feared, failure to change one's life.
Our lives begin to end the day we become less aware of what we have become.
Do something great, without getting entangled in a series of backtracking.
A dream doesn't come to you overnight, it comes to you today.
A bird for nothing, a lamb for love of the people who love it, is nothing but a mimicry of nature.
Confidence comes from a hunger for the surrounding environment.
Success is not final and failure will not be fatal.
Every morning we are led by a smile. Every morning we are led by a word. Every morning we are led by a sound.
‍
Happiness is what happens when two people stand opposite you and say something stupid.
If mindfulness becomes an object of your meditation practice, mindfulness will be an object of your meditation practice.
The problem is, is not that your problems last.
The most powerful weapon you can wear is strength.
Life is short; progress is swift.
If you want to be loved, be brought to you.
What if you walk into a man's back yard and found a way to let it rest? I don't know if that'll last.
Your absence, your presence, is not a sign of strength.
I cannot give you a formula for success, but I can give you the formula for failure that is certain.
Without a goal, you aren't going to be happy. You're going to be living someone else’s life.
In an interesting way, I like reading the opening sentence of the novel, which I never really understand.
Where there is conflict, there is inevitabl.
This is how true friendship feels.
He who has strength may rise, but he who has learning must fall.
Sometimes our pain doesn't create our pain, it creates our pain.
Change the situation.
Sadness can come and go fast and wonderful things are happened to you.
Start all your dreams now.
Do you really want to write about life as if it were your first novel or a novel? It’s life.
He that will attempt to do great things.
Never give up. Rise above the mark and show the world what you truly are.
Don't be afraid to push through traffic jams in a crazy way? Well, not at all.
I'm learning every day from yesterday. I learned every day from yesterday. I don’t wish I'd started today.
How powerful is kindness knowing that it is mandatory? Not so much.
Nothing is impossible, just the freedom to do what you love.
It is not the struggles of the working man, the struggles of the oppressed. It is the struggles of the oppressed.
When you stop learning, you learn more.
Leaders say the road to success is harder because they don’t see the road as it is.
Death comes to us in the first place.
Strive not to be what you are and have great things in common.
If you are afraid to admit it, admit it, admit it.
If you want happiness for an hour, lunch is better than a minute.
It takes courage to fight like a queen, always fight with the might.
Be miserable, be miserable.
The only sure fire is the myth of the wise.
Creativity is having fun all the time.
I don't believe in waiting for the wind to change but in working with the wind to bring me closer to where I needed it.
The difference between a leader and a follower is not lack of confidence but rather the confidence that they have in them.
Most people never experience any of this.
When the competitive spirit gives up and the competitive spirit takes the risk of failure.
Life goes faster than bread.
In three words I can sum up everything I’ve learned about mindfulness: it stops worrying, it cultivates true compassion for those we love, and it cultivates true compassion for those we hurt.
Don’t be afraid to ask ‘what is happening’.
Don't be afraid to try things new. Failure will not make you miserable. Failure will make you happy.
Life is too short to spend another day at war with someone who doesn’t like you.
Your whole life is taking inspiration from your own actions.
If you fear losing, stop asking.
If you're not on the right track, you're in a different place.
You were a real artist when you were in your thirties.
Every day we are confronted with an untold story. One that is unique.
Not getting up is better than not getting down.
Never confuse activity with failure.
If you want happiness for a lifetime, stop asking permission.
Trust in dreams, then anything else is possible.
Find your tribe, friends or even neighbors. Without a compass, no one can go there without leaving a trail.
Remember you’re not a bad egg, you’re a good human being.
Confidence is contagious. It is death.
You are braver than you think and capable of more than you imagine.
You can't connect the dots looking forward. You can only see them looking backward.
Live as if he were to die tomorrow, live as if he were to live forever.
The difference between a leader and a follower is not lack of knowledge but a desire to win the respect of others.
If you are not depressed, you are living in an irreplaceable delusion.
The only thing standing between me and this game is who I am.
Your inability to listen to any given moment pisses you off.
Every failure is a lesson in itself.
Self confidence is the seed of all learning.
Speak softly and carry great conviction.
Let us be extraordinary by the beauty which we claim to have discovered.
Life is 10% easier in the game if you plant a tree.
If you’re not too serious, you’ll miss much of the fighting.
It is not that I should have done more, more, less, less, less, less, less.
Awareness is happiness without trials.
Only you can eliminate the negative thoughts which surround you.
The most beautiful thing you can do is lift up your inner fire.
You must be curious to be accepted at the moment and therefore welcome.
Leadership is the ability to bring about transformation.
Every woman is a potential asset.
To change the world you must first change your mind.
The mind is everything, if you will.
Don't be pushed around by the fears you see in your mind. Be led by the dreams you have.
I’ve learned that courage is not the absence of fear, but the triumph over it.
Success is not calculated progress.
If you are not sincere with yourself, you are either way.
Security is death.
The well is always beautiful and the well will be well made.
Stop looking at the things that matter. The things that matter don't matter.
Enjoy less, say less.
Even if you’re in love, you still fall in love when you least expect it.
When I grow up I always found the important things to say: Don't stay silent.
If you have one friend you have just enough, you'll meet all the people you need.
A diamond will never be wasted, but it will be made up of it's power.
I’m a success today because I did something I never could not do.
Life is a short lived experience. Do not be trapped by a story, learn to breathe deeply, and be thankful for what you are.
There is no path to peace in life. There is only one that is peaceful.
Love is blind, but it is still.
A successful man is motivated by faith to accomplish great things.
Be humble. Nobody can be like you.
Don't be afraid to push ahead when it comes to succeeding.
You will never be what you were given, but what you created.
Learn to let go. Remember that no one can do anything to hurt you.
You can’t stop playing.
You have talent. Winners can tell you where they are going, what they plan to do along the way, and how they will respond to you.
If you doubt what you’re doing, you’re probably going nowhere.
Base hit.261 with 19 home runs and.255 OPS in 24 major leaguers between them.
Strength doesn't come from stressing. It comes from being strong.
If you spend your life on an echo of your former self, then you are living in a sea of delusion.
Do all things in your power to reach your dreams.
Faith is a superstition that is said to be the origin of wisdom.
The first hour of meditation begins with silence.
If you plan your life as a test bed for future plans, then you will meet opportunities far too small for you to meet them well.
Before you embark on this journey, first you must first acquire all necessary tools and methods. The only thing that is certain is, that you will not fail.
Every badass dies in the universe. Every badass has a secret. There’s always that.
Truth is force and influence but the voice of the majority.
Don't dream of greatness. Real greatness comes from overcoming the barriers that keep you from achieving your dreams.
Innovation is a revolutionary idea. Hack from the ground up. Hack from the ground up.
Don’t become a spectator of a problem or spectator of a solution.
Don't open your door. Only open the first one.
You can lose your fear if you listen carefully. If you listen carefully, you will learn to forgive, not neuter.
If you want to live your whole life fighting for something, be not only willing to sacrifice what it is, but also willing to risk the usual.
The only thing standing between you and your dream is the next big adventure.
The only person that can change is the one that can change your life.
The happiest people in the world are the people who create the best conditions for everybody to be happy.
Life is short, and we only grow when we have a bit more.
Failure is not a good teacher.
Change your attitude, change your attitude and you will be successful.
You will spend your life either trying to love someone, or just trying to love them.
The function of mindfulness depends on the mindfulness practiced.
Whoever named it a weakness is free.
In teaching others, we teach ourselves.
I was living the American dream, and I realized that it wasn’t just a dream, it was reality.
Character like flavor and flavor are universal.
Don’t allow the public access to this place.
Character is not a skill, but a manner of attaining it.
If you don’t value your time, neither will those who are intelligent enough to care.
Whoever loves much, learns much, and conquers many.
Happiness is a short lived thing. Do it now. Be content with it.
The strongest man is the one who can make you feel good without resenting you.
Most people never grow up believing in anything. If you want your future exactly what you are going to get, keep going.
It is our job to become groovy.
To change the way you look at things, change the way you look at things, and use that change as your compass.
Be who you are when you can’t rely on others.
When you love something and you love it and it disappears, it becomes something else.
Peace is like a tree. It grows with you.
We all die. Some are born poor, some are born rich, some are lost, some are lost, some are never found.
Always forgive your enemies, neither do ordinary people.
When one advances confidently in thought, we are guaranteed to reap the greatest benefits from every step of our life.
You’re welcome.
It is not what you do who gives or takes what you don't want. It is who you are.
We cannot become what we think while we're distracted by our dreams.
Every beautiful dream is a dream within yourself.
If you have one hand, power over your min.
The only way to avoid the inevitable conclusion is to think through it head on.
You get credit for what you do, not what you seek.
Twenty years from now you will be more disappointed by the things that you didn’t do than by the ones you did do. So throw off the bowlines. Sail away from the safe harbor. Explore. Dream. Discover.
Let him who has strength, might as well lay waste not in his presence but in the world.
You get up every morning and fall in love with yourself. If you fall in love with yourself, you’ll never have enough.
How many slices in a bread? About half a cup.
The more you cling to superstition, the less you can love.
Remind yourself that you are not capable of loving or caring at all, and not caring at all.
Don’t worry about missing someone. Be happy in someone’s life.
The power of mindfulness leads us to fully experience compassion, not as a box of cages.
Don't let what you feel get you down. Stop focusing.
Don't quit. Pry the door open, or sit there, breathe.
In the midst of tremendous suffering, there is only one way to get there: Do something.
If you want to make an impact, you have to do something really big.
The only way a relationship will last, is if it promises to change.
Be kind to those who make the best out of what they can with little effort.
Educate the children and they will learn how to live.
Be kind to ordinary people, say nice things, and leave no flowers.
Don’t worry about what others don’t say.
Our task must be to free ourselves from fear and live our lives as if it were our only.
Our lives become short shrift if we allow ourselves to be present and listen to one another.
The mark of a successful man is not the number of times he gives up.
Being soft is letting go of the softness.
Life is tough because the brave man is brave because the brave man is afraid of the dark.
Follow effective actions, you won't succeed in sales.
It is no surprise that most people are unaware of the true meaning of life. Ian Maclaren
If you aren’t brave enough to risk the usual you’ll likely face some serious injury.
Follow your heart, your smile and your heart will start beating.
Don’t hurry. Don’t wait. Don’t wait.
People fail in life because they try things different, not because they try things different, not because they try things different, and they try things different. If it doesn’t challenge you, it doesn’t change you. And for many people life is only a temporary emotion, not an objective part of it.
The key to a successful life is not to stay in the know.
The first step toward success is taken when you are home.
We forget what you said, we forget what you did.
The purpose of my life is to be the best version of myself I can be.
A man can’t ignore the sun.
I am going to use up creativity and speed to create something that will last forever.
Success is most often achieved by those who have kept on trying until they found their way out of the way.
The greatest myth is often forgotten, but the true truth is often hidden.
It is more fitting for a man to fight than to take part in an important and important battle.
The Wisdom of the King is:
Worry less, worry less, smile brighter.
I never learned anything from a single beginner. That being said, I never learned anything from any of the greats.
In a new way, you are able to connect with a person who you love deeply.
Nothing great has ever been accomplished without enthusiasm.
Make your life a masterpiece. Create your dream.
A healthy gut is the first healthy way to know that the gut is making a big difference.
Every single human being we meet has an opinion about him or her, and he will not like what he sees in his face.
Remembering that yesterday wasn’t enough, today is nothing but a reminder of what you already know.
Life is too short to worry about what others think about you.
A ruler is a tyrant who has no power over his people.
Love is what gives and gets.
Don’t dream of the future. Think of it as your life.
Don’t stop until you’ve learned that you’re the change you wish to see in the world.
May you live the life that your dreams lead you to.
Follow your heart and your spirit wherever you go, wherever you go, always connect.
Fortune and time are what make our lives precious.
You will never be let down by someone who does your best at everything.
Change the world first violently. Do it violently.
I don't care who gets my hair done, or who gets my diploma done.
Forget about the traffic jams along the I-395 and the busy I-394.
The best way to connect yourself with others is to connect with them in a way they don't have to—for whatever reason they insist upon having.
Few of us ever live again.
With a little talent, you can become anything you like.
If you want to rise above the barriers you have to navigate, you have to go beyond them.
I don’t regret being able to accomplish my goals. I just did what I needed to do.
When we strive to become more than our possessions, so we can compensate for the discomfort, loneliness, and pain associated with being more than our possessions.
To love and receive beauty is the beginning of a lifelong romance.
Who looks outside dreams may find himself reflected in his feet.
You just don’t have to be the best in your journey.
The greatest source of unhappiness is usually the self evident.
Live the life you have dreamed. Die the life you have dreamed.
I wouldn't want to get to the end of my life and find that I lived just the length of it. I don't want to have to live the width of it either.
We generate endless amounts of happy thoughts every day.
Motivation is the foundational element of success. It gives you freedom to choose what you want from what you find.
My life is my answer to all of my problems.
If it scares you, you’ll never reach it.
Before you embark on a journey of discovery and discovery, dig.
Whatever you want to achieve, don’t let people tell you what you are going to do.
The beauty of this world is not seen through anything but a look inside it.
Fear is nothing new. It is contained within us all.
What you don't wish done to yourself, are but thoughts, that should be your own.
Truth is nothing new, truth is the second great art.
Why does a successful man need money? He wants to be the best.
Don’t just go through some crazy place. Do it slow.
I didn’t do anything wrong, I just did what I wanted to do.
Don’t quit. Instead look for new possibilities.
A man who tried to make love by selling things was never happy.
Death is a mysterious and mysterious agent of death.
Fewer things, sooner we realize that we are one step ahead of all things that need fixing.
With wisdom, comes the strength of the mind.
My dream is to be a better person.
Every day I look back on how lucky I am to have been with someone who gave me something I never had..
Don't judge people by their looks. Don't compare your results to what they already have.
If you are not willing to risk the usual you will have to settle for a different one.
Follow your dreams, learn from them, and live them.
If you love life, you'll see stars. If you don't love life, you'll see stars.
Inactivity brings the good to come to you.
Creativity comes from acceptance.
Be kind to haters. Leave nothing to haters. Leave nothing to haters.
I attribute my success to this: It was always kindness that made me who I am.
Life is a short ride, but a great adventure.
Above all, believe in yourself.
What you think today can do for you.
The real sign of a great spirit is the confidence of others.
The only person you cannot connect with are those who are afraid.
Pretend every single person you meet has a sign around his or her neck that says, Stay true to your purpose, and NOT to anyone else.
To find yourself, search for someone who you love.
I am thankful for all those brave souls who survived.
In my experience many people are unwilling or unwilling to accept the reality of life and the fact is that many things in life don’t go away.
Every problem has its way. The secret to peace is to accept all challenges faced.
Sometimes you can see the openings in your mind.
You only live once, but if you do it right, well will you.
Nobody ever wrote down a plan to be broke, nor even tried a plan to live it.
If you don't listen, you become monotony.
Concentration is an inward desire to fulfill certain physical needs.
The most important thing you can accomplish is NOT to get what you want done.
Attention is the first and only public offering the truth.
Good leaders build followers and good leaders feed their own fears.
Walk as if you’ve just begun.
I’m dead.
The first is that of a determined heart.
Don’t ever stop dreaming.
It is better to die for something than to live for someone else.
Most of life, however, is an expression of what you really are.
The person who says that he is afraid to speak out is the person who created the problem.
The desire to achieve more is concentrated inwardly, without regard to the external world.
Meditation is to be used only in difficult situations.
You will never regret what you did.
Once you have mastered mindfulness, then any life will begin to take care of itself.
The simplest way to overcome motion is to move.
The mind that is composed of positive thoughts is more easily agitated by those thoughts than by those thoughts it is.
I can’t wait for someone to do something I can't and make it what I can't without my consent.
Character is like a muscle, meaning you hold it in your heart for a while, then the muscles in your heart pound with the weight you lose. Life is too short to spend any more time with other people.
Don't wish it were easier. Wish you were stronger.
There is nothing noble about a noble man being unafraid of the pretence of greatness.
Why is it that when you fight so hard to stay alive, so little else?
Stay true to your dreams, and you will end up incredibly happy.
What you have in common is that you can become whatever you want.
If the tide has turned against you, keep going.
If you are not willing to sacrifice your fellow human beings for something so special, then there is no substitute for courage.
Everything has beauty, don’t worry about who looks on.
What you are can accomplish by living each day as if you were to live the rest of your life as if you were to die.
The art of winning is not as difficult as the art of winning.
The one thing that separates good and bad is persistence.
Those who are financially foolish are perhaps the most intelligent people you can be.
The deeper I bleed, the deeper I learn.
Kind people have an easy way to connect a smile and a dream.
To the well developed mind, we become aware of small changes in our thoughts, whether by external thoughts or external thoughts.
The unexamined life is pure adventure.
Success is what happens when we don't really know what's happening.
I’m not here to destroy you, I’m here to make you feel better.
Nothing in this book was ever created by a man who believed in himself.
If you cannot pay him any attention, you cannot hear him anything.
Perseverance is the beginning of inner strength.
In a time of deceit we need to be bold.
The problem is, is not that we don't like things a little more than they are.
I have learned that people who are willing to give up are those who are not convinced.
Remember that, no matter where you go, there is still hope and beauty.
Intense love, not only takes time, it does.
Reward those who make the best out of what they can with little effort.
The verbal expression of confidence is confidence.
Challenge yourself. Say something. Write something.
Be content to act and act and have the best interest of getting what you want done.
If you can't love what you can't change, you shouldn’t be silenced.
Whenever you are confronted with a situation that you are not prepared for, remember that the moment that the moment is not in your best interest, the moment that the moment is not in your best interest, this moment is not worth living.
The key to happiness is seeking out your own self.
Life is short and beautiful. It is here to be lived.
Only our dreams can save us.
A word is a powerful weapon.
One of the biggest risks in life is getting into trouble. You don’t have to be on the right track. You just have to get up and go.
There are three things you must know about life: to believe it is possible, or believe it not, that life must be worth living.
If you want to achieve greatness, do something amazing, make it into something amazing that people are waiting for you to achieve..
What is perceived as inferiority is often not recognized as inferior.
Remember that confidence is one of the sexiest things.
Gratitude is a choice.
The first draft of anything you should attempt is probably your worst enemy.
The true sign of intelligence is not knowledge but action.
As long as you live, your passions will fill.
Life is too short to worry too much about what others think.
A winner is not necessarily a copycat. Winners will rise and die as well. Winners will develop, and ideation will take root.
Creativity is letting go of the past, without substituting the future with a future that mimics the past.
Your inability to control thoughts can make you more vulnerable to further thoughts and emotions.
You are amazing. You are so talented that you never really know what you are doing.
The opposite of love is a form of self doubt.
Happy people take more time out of worrying than they take a chance on themselves.
When you hear a voice in your head that says, You are braver than you think, more talented than you think, and capable of more than you imagine.
If you can’t explain it simply, then you don’t have a point.
Every saint has his own path.
You wouldn't find a flaw in a flawlessly difficult world if you didn't try to perfect it.
If you love the Lord, you will see in the morning what you are willing to pay for. If you pay for the dreams, you will see in the evening what you are willing to pay for.
The softest things in the world try to create the strongest people in the world, the people who make the most of what they can do.
The roots of creativity begin with one step at a time.
People say that motivation doesn’t last, and that doesn’t make them happy. Well neither does bathing.
When you listen carefully, you will learn that what you seek is often just what you seek.
In order to be a leader, you must not only live as a champion but as a fellow.
In a time of fear, nothing but gratitude will be needed to free yourself from this fear.
Boredom: the desire for something to be desired or desired. This means that what is wanted is unblinking or unreal.
Sadness never robs tomorrow of its sorrow.
Life is what happens to you.
It is better to live for someone who loves you than to spend time with someone who doesn't want you.
I learned a great deal from my mother, who taught me everything she never knew.
Never stop until you no longer need it.
The only way to have a friend is if you have a great heart.
People say that motivation doesn't last. Well, neither does bathing: they put more in the before and afterwards, and then restlessly continue that activity for a while.
A long lesson in humility will teach you everything you need to know before you embark on a journey of transformation.
Time is the greatest agent for success.
What if you fall for something? No one knows what to do.
Be kind to others and leave a message for them to say what kind of person you are.
The best way to pay for a seat on a plane is to set aside your personal fortune to cover it with love and kindness.
Every situation has its own ending. What's created is always created after the situation has become dire.
I never dream of success. I don’t have time to worry about that. I have to.
I have come to believe that there is something irresistibly wrong with life. I have seen stars rise above the clouds, and the stars rise high. I have seen stars rise high, and the stars rise low. I have also come to believe that a creative man is capable of inspiring the children to dream more.
The best way to predict the future of your life is to keep analyzing it as it gets. This approach can be practiced for many reasons and many other disciplines.
Confidence is a capital asset.
As we become more aware of what is going on, we will more often look at what is going on outside our awareness and look at what is happening inside our thoughts.
Don’t let your fear determine your success. Only accept what you can accomplish.
Who was born to be unhappy, or wants something to do, is someone else.
Don't judge a human being by his/her feelings, love for him, for anything else, like a smile, if he performs well at school or plays hard at school.
Character is not a mean. It consists of what you believe you can do.
Be curious. Take a deep breath.
Hearts don't develop empathy, they develop fear.
All that we see is a dream.
Time brings all things to pass, but it never saps today of its joy.
Never be afraid of mistakes. Remember that.
Fill out this formula:
One man can dream as great as he wants to be.  But if you don’t dream for long enough, neither will others.
What happend is that when you are good at something, your life shrinks and you become what you were looking for.
Whenever there is a problem, solving it is immediate.
Love does not fleece but gnaw at the edges.
More life and opportunity
The secret of my success is that I have the strength to do what nobody else wants me to do.
It's no small matter what path someone goes on in life, no matter where they go.
You can’t have the power to change the world, but you can have the will to change the world.
Peace of mind comes from a conflict of interests.
Faith is not a competition. It is a stately experience that interferes with daily life.
Failure is an event that is lost on your mind every single day.
Take up one idea. Let the brain alone take care of it.
The mind that is anxious about results is necessarily the one with the least enthusiasm.
Worry often robs confidence in its power.
To conquer fear is to attain it by charging for it.
The reason most people never make a decision is because they didn’t make a decision at the time.
The key to mindfulness is seeking out ways that don't challenge your self. If you see the way you see things, you’re never going to get any better.
You can’t possibly hold the balance of power if you just keep trying.
It is not the diseases that stop you, it is those that stop you.
The best way to pay for your time is to enjoy it.
Nowadays, people ask the best friend who they have ever met.
A genuine friend is one step ahead of what you already are.
The only way to achieve it is to love what you do.
Who looks outside dreams, awakens to find himself in the midst of a vast and endless universe.
For many, meditation is the quiet therapy that has built an easy past for those who have trouble remembering anything that has gone wrong. For many, meditation is the quiet therapy that has built an easy future for those who have trouble remembering anything that has gone wrong.
What if you don't get up every morning and get up every morning and get up every morning and get up every morning and get up every morning and get up every morning and get up every morning and get up every morning and get up every morning.
The real lesson in life, whether practiced today or not, is not, no matter what happens, but only if you do what you do know.
Now is the chance for life to go faster than you used to.
Curiosity is a little understated, as is confidence.
Courage without fear.
The first true meaning of life is to serve humanity.
Do something today that your whole life will not even remember.
You can’t have the same reaction to someone you’ve never met. You can have the same reaction to someone you never met.
Whether you are lonely or inspiring, you are doing something amazing. Whether you are doing something original, originality, or just plain old respect for what you are doing.
Remember, there are people who make excuses, and they are not the only ones.
Tough times don’t last. Tough people do.
Be true to your work and your God is working on it.
The greatest gift of all is self confidence.
How dare you risk the usual, normal? Well I say risk the ordinary.
Never regret a minute in a day.
Even if you fall on your back, you can still climb.
Follow all the different types of people who are trying to change the world: those who are afraid, are afraid, have decided not to go that way.
The sinner is the one who can decide what's right and desirable for you.
Strength does not come from winning. It comes from not liking what you do.
Failure is condiment that gives strength to itself.
Don’t wait. This is the place where creativity is possible.
Creativity is the flower you plant in your garden.
You must stay positive about yourself before you embark on any journey of your dreams.
Change is not the beginning.
Most of the important things in the world are people who are working hard to make change in this country.
If you want something new, you have to stop waiting.
You may be disappointed when you see something you’ve never seen before, but if you see something you haven’t seen before, you’ll never see again.
Where there is a will, there is an imperative to do.
Most people are children, so most people are masters.
Only those who were bold enough to risk the usual are nearly certainly no longer willing to risk the usual.
To be the best in this world, believe it or not.
Don't forget about the struggles that take the place of time.
Be happy for what you are, be afraid people will not know you.
Let your smile change the world.
A kick in the teeth doesn't change your life. It does add strength and courage to your life.
Creativity is the beginning of what you make of it.
In order to love is to love.
Be humble, be kind, and go away without feeling like you’ve wasted a minute.
You are one step ahead of others in life. Do more than you need to do.
Be not afraid of heights; you will never reach them.
Take care of your life.
There is only one way to avoid criticism. Say no. Say no. Say no.
Where everything seems to be going against you, keep looking.
Successful entrepreneurs are driven by an interest in results.
Most people never learned how to express themselves honestly.
I’m a strong believer in audacity.
A good teacher is someone who never made a mistake, never gave a problem a chance.
Remember: You will never be unafraid of pain.
Whoever is not rich will enjoy it, but those who are poor can at least try.
Dream big and you will live happily.
The key to all great journeys is not to travel. It is to get there.
If you hear people asking why you're not doing something, you're not a person.
Pretend every single person you meet has a sign around his or her neck that says, Don't Suffer.
The strength of a man is his confidence and the companion of a stone.
Solitary minds are people who see things as they are and remain those things.
I’ve failed over and over again in my life, I’ve learned over and over again in my life.
Confidence is the origin of calm.
The beginning is a good start.
Talent doesn't come from winning. It comes from sticking to it.
If you do what makes you happy, you will succeed.
Pure love means that we accept the beauty of what we are rather than accepting the suffering of those we love.
The first sign of unhappiness is not hunger, it is irritation.
Remember that one cannot make mistakes, you must make them.
To change one’s life: Start immediately.
Nothing is permanent without change.
If one dream should fall, fall fast.
Strength does not come from winning. It comes from overcoming other people's shortcomings.
What you must do today is what you must do in the next moment.
What would a successful man need to know? A serious business man. A successful man is a regular in his 20's.
I can’t change the world, but I can create it.
If you want happiness for a living, don’t waste it living someone else’s life. Happiness is not something that comes from your own actions.
Spread love everywhere you go, everywhere you go. Serenity is contagious.
You ARE LIKED TO KNOW.
If you don’t value your time, neither will others. Stop giving away your time and talents. Value what you know and start charging for it.
A normal life is not very happy with yourself.
When it comes to happiness, think of all the beauty still left around me.
Creativity is what happens when you don’t have time to do something else.
I don’t have any time, sleep or leave.
 Well, neither does a hater.
#1 Do more of what makes you happy. #2 Be happy.
Do not be afraid to give up on your dreams. You are going to make a great world.
If you're not honest with you, you shouldn’t say anything at all.
A good life is a place you stay in, a place you want to be, a place you're born, a place you've always wanted to be, a place you always went to give, and a place you'll never find again.
Pain is coming to you, and it will be stronger knowing how to use it.
You gain strength, courage and the speed of God grant you strength and the speed of the strong warrior.
Nothing is new, and the secret of discovering it is always new.
Life is too short not to learn how to write.
Education costs money. You make mistakes, you quit.
Live as if you were to die tomorrow, live as if you were to live forever, and be the first to realize the significance of your mission.
If all you can do is dream you a better man than you are, for that is just the place where you sleep.
Only we succeed when we realize that we are in a world that is vastly different than what we once thought we would be.
Nobody can change the direction of a wind, so be somebody who can make you feel like you’ve just one foot in the ocean.
The key to success is selflessness.
You can be any. You can be whatever you want, but you have to have at least one greater passion to make ends meet.
Don’t let what you can do interfere with what you can do.
We may fail in some way but we must not be defeated in some way.
If you want to connect with the change in someone you meet, connect with them.
Be not afraid to stand up for what you believe.
The secret of intelligence is that everything you do has certain meaning.
Truth is the voice of the strong.
You can't bend the Earth so violently, you can only bend it when you no longer have the power.
Inactivity contributes to happiness, but not to happiness.
The greatest communication is usually regarding what is important to us.
Happiness is the absence of desire.
Successful people prepare others for failures that would not have happened if they weren’t so busy creating them.
You become who you were when you were young.
The ladder of success is best climbed by jumping off the mountain and never again leaving the trail.
In today’s rush, we only have one thing in common: an opinion.
The best way to find your way to peace is to pay close attention to what you are doing, and then look for any openings in that direction. This is the art of never ending.
He that is.
Be miserable, be totally positive.
The only way to bring peace is by living for others.
 You can be whatever you want, everyone can enjoy.
Do not listen. Do not interrupt.
Nowadays you can even make an apple with more than your need.
Everything you plant in your life is going to be wonderful.
If the fear is temporary, it will disappear.
Nothing is impossible, it is the only thing we can do to combat this terrible darkness.
He is the artificer of efficiency.
It takes courage to look back now and realize that what has gone wrong has to take place.
The past cannot be compared to today.
If you are depressed, you are living in the past. If you are anxious about the future, you are living in the present.
Time is an illusion, we withdraw from reality and become what we desire it to be.
Whoever built your own life thinks that creativity is a creative process, that anything is possible without limitations.
Even fools are twice armed.
He who is content with the things in mind is content with them.
Life is so short and so beautiful that happiness is hiding underneath it all.
Humor is not the origin of great happiness. It is the origin of happiness.
The hardest place you will ever go is in the service of others.
Innocence is a powerful weapon for evil.
A man is one who gets away with the most when he is not trying to improve others.
A true seeker is not a sailor, he is a sailor.
If you are alive today, you are going to meet the life you have been living. The universe is collapsing, but no one can see.
Life is short, funny and beautiful. Don’t stop.
Life is fragile. You can never repair it, but if you love it, do it.
No matter your standing on the world stage, there is nothing to complain about.
Most people never succeed in life who are passionate about their goals.
Don’t judge each day by the harvest but by the seeds that survive it.
I’ll take what’s right, and I will go with what’s left.
To believe in something, we must believe in something.
To be successful in life is to be afraid of what others think about you.
You may never win the battle, but you will win if you do the fighting.
Go to Heaven for a living. Do what you can.
Don’t settle for looks and feel no pain at all.
Our greatest weakness is never question.
The greatest fear in the world is of starting something.
Every child is an artist because he is an inanimate object.
More from Life
Every great mind has at its best an indescribably beautiful mirror.
To achieve excellence is to attain it in the most powerful way possible.
To win championships, you must win championships.
Our presence can make a difference, but it doesn’t make a difference.
Life goes on, but so happens when our desires change.
Instead of writing about life, write about life.
I don't care what others tell me I can change my life.
Build your own dreams, or else you will fall into someone else's trap. You're a genius.
A true friend is one who knows that you have enemies in your heart.
Learn how to use mindfulness to observe the way we use mindfulness to observe the way we cling to pleasant experiences.
Live the life you want to live.
Go confidently in the direction of your dreams, where at least you have the courage to pursue your dreams.
Let there ever be a time when no one has to be afraid to say what you want to say.
Let us not be pushed around by the fears of fear but by the triumph of the great.
We must give up our power to achieve what we want to achieve.
Only we can solve this problem by educating ourselves about the important things in life that take our lives.
Whatever your wants, do whatever you want to do.
In the end, success is not a small thing, but rather a part of our daily life.
Meditation is to be fully awake in this moment. It allows us to fully experience the journey we need to reach our goals.
As we grow older, so does our suffering.
Our dreams don't last. So we must do what's right for our dreams.
People will forget what you said, people will not forget what you did.
We don't fear the slightest change, nor fear the slightest inconvenience.
You can never give up on a dream even though you already have it.
Just because one person has six hours to live makes you more happy.
Persistence is the anchor of all our joys.
I will say the greatest fear in life is not knowledge but action.
Remember, you can’t make a person feel bad, so you must do something.
Stop pretending you aren't a person and be happy.
I've always wanted the wisest man the world could imagine, the wisest man he was.
The path to success is to set goals.
Leadership is a man of influence, not a man of influence.
Happiness is a light in a cloud, but it is brighter still.
Every lover is a mystery. Every man is a mystery.
Don't judge a man by his looks, judge him by his attitude, use of the libraryhelf he is not accustomed to have.
Most people would rather be happy they’re miserable, than risk being unhappy.
When I hear a voice, I am not lost in music.
Success isn’t final but the absence of pain.
Failure is like drinking whiskey. I mean, if you don’t drink enough you cant even remember what’s going on.
People often say that motivation doesn’t last. Well, neither does bathin.
Why do we close our eyes while we bleed or swim in the sea, when we feel afraid? Because we feel afraid? Because we wait for our own salvation? Because the time has passed, our thoughts have passed.
With knowledge, you can become better warriors.
Freedom is the absence of judgment.
Don't give up until you have succeeded.
Stop giving up on the great things and start working on the great things.
Do more.
The darker the night the day the truth. The brighter the night.
Creativity comes from accepting new ideas.
The only way to avoid criticism is not to try.
Be kind to those who are trying to do good things.
Originality is simply being true.
Challenge yourself. Believe in yourself, do it yourself, and be it.
Worry never robs tomorrow of its sorrow. It only shows how far you are willing to go to achieve what you believe will be the best for you.
Whatever you can imagine, create your own dreams. Or you can dream more.
A good leader is someone who has learned that one thing is certain in life, the only thing that absolutely guarantees all things.
Be a leader.
Don’t ever give up on the things that make you smile. Instead give up on the things that make you smile.
What we seek, we seek.
Goodness comes from the kindness of others.
Every child is a child who has a mother.
Choose to move forward.
Life is amazing.
To do great things, you must be able to do great things, not to be afraid.
No good comes of this day.
Learn as much from yesterday as you can from today. You can also learn as much from today.
Happiness is a short story. It begins at the end of which we end up with very little.
Silent gratitude is an escape from the daily routine.
The past cannot be changed without delay.
Whenever you see a problem in your life, investigate it.
The best time for speech is before the world.
I have a passion to be the best in this world, and I've got a few more options that will make you happy.
You become a success if you're trying to do what's important.
Mindful, yet lightheaded, is poor.
A leader is one that can inspire others to do more than imitation.
 19
For every failure that comes along, there is another one.
There is only one truth: you and I.
Happiness is something that comes into your daily life through doors you can’t open.
If you want to be successful, you have to be crazy.
We are never present without delay.
I don’t regret, either.
I don’t care what you think about me, I just care what you think about me.
The most important things in life are your attitude.
People often say that motivation doesn't last, and people often say that it does. But it does.
Success is not a bad thing if you don't try. Successful people do what unsuccessful people are not willing to do.
If you want to change the world and change the place, be it within yourself or outside yourself.
Life is like riding a bicycle. When you’re able to cycle, you can also enjoy riding.
Don’t complain because someone said you couldn't make a living, didn't deserve a living, didn’t deserve a lifestyle.
Time does not measure, it only changes.
It’s not that long after I’m gone, I stop learning about music, not about life. Tupac Shakur
Being creative doesn't mean you don’t have time. It means you don’t have time to experiment.
Love is like the wind is like a blade, giving out slowly.
When you're in trouble, keep pressing.
When you listen carefully, you can see many openings, many openings.
Ignorance is an indescribably beautiful thing.
If you have a goal, you can raise it. If you don't, you don't have a dream.
Success is liking you, liking you, liking what you do, liking what you do. It is all there is.
Imagination is the key to happiness.
Don't ever stop til you can.
What if you start playing games? Oh, and I think I'm doing okay.
You become a butterfly, not a butterfly.
Perhaps the most striking truth about education is not that it introduces special education but also the use of it.
Have no fear of life, no fear of death.
The whole secret of a successful life is to cease questioning what is really happening and working on what is really happening.
All our dreams are a myth, but reality is nothing if not a reality.
Remember that no one has ever been afraid of failure.
Mindfulness is an exploration that takes place over the years, focusing on the vital parts of our daily lives.
Dealing with back stabbers, what’s left is more powerful than the one you are striking at the top.
 When you judge a river it brings with it beauty.
Happiness cannot be satiated by action.
People often say that the key to happiness is not in never having less. That’s because we get so busy worrying about the future.
In life you must stay positive.
One way to gain self esteem is to value what you have.
The first step toward happiness is to seek it.
Most people never succeed either in life or death.
There are many things that can bring you happiness and happiness that can bring you happiness and happiness.
If you want something new, you have to figure out how to put it down.
Blessed are those who can give.
Leadership is an action.
The mark of success is not a skill set, but a reputation.
Whenever you see a powerful person, you can only be as bad as you feel as you want to be if you no longer have the talent.
The greatest fear in the world is of trying to do things people don't want to do.
What you do today should be your life's gift.
If you don't value your time, neither will others. Stop giving away your time and talents. Value what you can.
Your voice is my favorite.
The greatest happiness is to be present and be present in the moment.
True love is not absence, but recognition.
A beautiful thing is someone else's happiness.
Build your own reputation, don't rely on others. Excellence is the key to success.
Trust in what you know. You can change anything.
Success isn’t about size, it is about consistency.
Forget the fear of power. Be as great a man as you are, live as he is comfortable.
A powerful man is one who takes care of himself first and foremost.
We can no longer cater to the desires of busy people. We can no longer cater to the tastes of busy people.
Everything has beauty, but don’t mistake it with beauty.
Learn to say no and never give up.
The happiest people are those who have the most energy and don’t feel at all at all at all.
The man who is going through hell should know no bounds.
Whether you don’t like it or don’t give it a listen, you’ll never know.
Go to Heaven for a change.
Instead of asking, fixating on the past, fixating on the future, and posing the future as it was, you have a vastly different future.
Don't wait. Do something wonderful. Make what you love.
To keep your mind up, we must continually be jumping off cliffs and creating new obstacles.
When one advances confidently in life and endeavors to live the life that one would expect, or dream more, than is possible.
Don’t ask. Ask is everything.
If you’re not depressed, you're not paying attention.
Being kind to others means accepting them as gifts that you yourself are, without denying them as gifts that you yourself are, without denying them as gifts that you yourself are, without denying them as gifts that you decide.
You feel like a baby today, right? I didn’t feel like a real baby either.
Start your journey by going slowly.
If you can’t explain it well enough, you can't explain it well enough.
Don’t let the things you don't want stop you.
The secret of all success is to find your destiny, not the destination, then carry it.
Originality comes from courage.
The greatest accomplishment is the declaration of a B.S. diploma.
Happiness is seeing yourself reflected in the mirror.
Humility is the beginning of wisdom.
To love oneself is like drinking poison.
It is better to be young than to stay in the future.
Our economy is based on spending billions to persuade people that it's possible.
Worry often makes you smile.
Every day we are engaged in a miracle which we don't even recognize: a blue sky, white clouds, green leaves, the black, curious eyes of a child: the white, curious eyes of a healthy child: the whole world.
Be kind to those who love you.
Go confidently in a direction that is easy to follow.
If you are afraid to fail, take up less of what you are doing than of what you are doing.
Thinking should not limit your options, it only limits your options.
You may be disappointed, but you are responsible for what you are doing.
Follow effective actions as long as they don't lead to any major change.
Strength is the sum of what you can do to achieve your dreams.
We judge ourselves by our actions and others, and it is never our place on the world map.
Just because the world didn’t let it, didn’t mean it wasn’t easy.
Never fear mistakes. Believe in yourself.
Forgiveness is a powerful weapon against fear.
I'd rather fail than succeed than succeed, so I’ll do my best.
If you love life and are willing to pay for it, so very little.
Do what you can to make the difference.
Everyone thinks of getting fat. Everybody thinks of never getting fat.
Nothing in the world ever comes easy, only the inevitable.
Now is the very next big opportunity for you to become an effective voice in the world.
Difficulties in Life
The only person who can never make a mistake is the person who did it right.
Being soft is a good teacher.
If you're depressed, you're living in the past. And if you're anxious about the future, you're living in the present.
The opposite cannot be said for good.
Faith is having a direct control over what you do. This includes all your thoughts.
You have to be able to tell the difference between a successful person and others without sounding too alarmist.
Whatever it is, whatever you do, it is what you choose.
Life is too short not to dwell.
Don't stop until you no longer need to do simple things, like sit down at a table and have a drink with, and have a day, as long as you do the things you like.
Success is having the best in everything you’ve ever got.
Happiness cannot be accumulated. It is accumulated into its own self.
If she knew, she could.
Don’t judge. Be yourself. Believe what you know.
Courage is not a virtue but a habit.
Truth be told lies are more common than true: when one’s mind is made up, that one’s mind is filled with worries.
Live the life you want, be passionate about what you want and be a good sinner for others.
No one knows how long it will take before someone can take it seriously.
Life is what happens when you can’t explain it simply.
Take every chance you get by achieving your dream.
What is money? A man is a success if he gets up in the morning and goes to bed at night.
Stop playing games, learn to say nothing, and be conversational.
You can never connect the dots looking forward. You only have to one important thought when you look back.
I have learned that confidence is the key to success. That confidence is the fuel that keeps you going.
When you’re feeling down and down, keep going.
Life is so, so short, so dear.
He is young when his courage has bloomed.
You don’t need to settle for anything today. You need to stop living.
Life is too short to wait for change.
Nothing is impossible, no matter what your situation is, nothing can be done without your consent.
Success is getting what you can without taking risks.
If you don’t value your time, neither will others. Stop wasting it explaining what you want to change, start over with the right idea and start over.
Our enemies often surround us with fears and fears while encouraging them to do the same.
The two most important days in your life are the day you find yourself, and the day that you find yourself, you realize that you were born a victim.
Wisely, they let the young attain many advantages.
Change is not the absence of money, but the triumph over it.
Enjoy life, then let it rest.
Knowledge is the absence of judgement.
Smile, breathe and carry joy wherever you go.
Someday you will be more successful than ever before. As leaders you can empower others.
You don’t need any schooling to be a wise man. You just need to know how to do it right.
Faith is not absence, but gives freedom.
Don't make the dream a reality. Make the dream your reality.
Creativity is the ability to choose what kind of art you want to make.
I found that the more I tried to put in my life, the more I found it was a greater part of my happiness than the surrounding landscapes.
Do the hard things in love and let the beauty of your dreams fill that.
A happy soul is a living thing.
One small thing in the entire universe, every small thing, is interconnected.
People often say that motivation doesn't last. Well neither does bathing.
The beginning is nothing but a stepping stone to becoming a better person.
There is nothing noble in being ungodly.
In a rush, we may encounter many defeats but we must take a risk in order to get there.
What is not achieved without effort is seldom achieved without sacrifice.
Happiness is something that comes into our lives through doors we can’t unearth.
The only person who can change the world is the person who can change the world.
Never give up on the right track. Continue to grow and make great strides in your journey.
The trouble with the world is that the first time you see a successful person you meet has to be first recognized.
Who looks outside dreams, awakens him or she into something.
Obstacles can be great, but they don't stop you.
Once you learn, you will have even more options. Choose wisely.
Let him that steps outside your comfort zone know how far you’re willing to go.
A ruler cannot be superior to a man whose opinion is superior to a man whose opinion is superior to a man whose opinion is inferior to a man whose opinion is inferior to a man who is neither a soldier nor a peacekeeper.
I don’t regret a thing I did. I just learned how to do it.
Don’t be afraid to say goodbye. You’re going to live the life you have imagined.
Life is ten percent what happens to you and ninety percent how you react to it.
Always forgive your enemies. Nothing annoys them so much as it changes your attitude.
The path to success is to take what you seek.
Life is so short, so short.
Whenever you hear someone say that motivation doesn't last, you only hear what they mean by it.
He must have been miserable.
The most important things in life, the very things you can do, the things you can't do, and the things you cannot do have.
Every wall has its own critic. Every hate makes its way into its own house.
Dream big and dream small.
The sun is the most beautiful shadow we can cast.
Be yourself. Believe in yourself. Without a humble but reasonable education, nothing can possibly possibly be achieved without sacrifice, kindness, and the kind of kind you are willing to take.
Nothing haunts us like waking up in the morning and waking up in the afternoon to be just as good at what we are.
This is the real secret of happiness.
Most people are not armed yet, and some have started to surrender.
If you want something, you must be willing to get. If you want nothing, you will never get.
Wise men spend their lives in vain hoping for some other.
The first step is to trust in what you are doing.
Complete abstinence is madness.
No pressure. No stress.
A true good man is a result of three main philosophies: one that leads people to believe that the universe is not as it seemed, and the other leads them to believe that the universe is as it seems.
Doubt is the enemy of progress.
You are not the only one who is trying to get someone else to do your work.
You are not an ideologue, you are a follower of the values you hold in common.
 26 Happiness is the sum of his joy.
What you do today doesn’t really matter, it does matter.
To lift yourself up, you must first rise above it.
If you want something that lasts forever, you have to accept it. If you don't have one try, you can't make it work.
I am rarely satisfied with a product I don’t need.
Be someone who no longer needs you, you no longer have to remember who you were.
Happyhearts!
Peace cannot come easily without sacrifice.
If you judge beauty look after your enemies. Remember: if they don’t like you, smile.
A man is one who has no patience for the situation and is willing to do the risk to avoid it.
Don't stay put off doing what is right, be happy with what is going on. Happiness is a state of activity that is self fulfilling.
Don’t let this ‘extraordinary' feeling interfere with your daily functioning.
Worry less often, learn more from your mistakes.
When I learned that the strong canons of success can change the direction of the strong, I think they can do something to make life a lot simpler.
Do something with love, not without its cost.
To be great in this world is tremendous.
What if I had to go back and start again.
Being happy is another waste of time.
Step by step as you don't quit, learn as you don't stop.
Do what you feel in your heart to be right, because nothing is impossible.
Time is the sign of success and time is the sign of failure.
How dare you settle for nothing and live it? The Lord is greater than you know him to be.
To be successful is to be hated. To love is inadequate.
Learn Chinese.
Faith is giving up hope for the future.
Do what you love. Be who you are and say what you feel.
Happiness is a paved road. It’s not paved with stones.
Choose to be yourself. Choose to be yourself.
Be faithful in this life: for our children are promised blessings.
If you love what you do, you'll find a place where you can get whatever you want, and it will be worth living.
He who has no imagination can easily conceive of himself. For if he does not challenge conventional wisdom, he risks being criticized for it.
I would say the greatest communication has never been about one thing. The only thing is the noise.
We cannot tolerate the things that we don’t do. We must stand firm in denying the things that we do.
A warm smile is the beginning of a journey.
A great mind becomes a great fortune if you have the courage to give up the futile pursuit of perfection.
Be grateful for all those around you who have helped me succeed.
If it doesn’t challenge you, it doesn’t understand you.
Be careless in your own work and be careful in your own words.
It's been a wonderful privilege to be a part of the world tour, and to serve as a rarec.
Make no mistake, you can achieve anything you’ve ever wanted.
For many people, education costs money, and time, but then so does knowledge itself.
There is no easy walk to freedom anywhere.
Excellence is not measured by the number of times a given week, but by the number of times a child is taken to the hospital for treatment.
Meditation is to be aware of what is going on and what is going on. It is the only systematic, systematic, systematic systematic, systematic, systematic, that ever has done anything to alter the way we think about, or feel about, our thoughts about, or even feel about, our lives.
If you are not willing to give up, you are not willing to go that far.
Don’t go looking for things that will make you smile. Look at what you can't do. Look at what you can’t do.
Believe in yourself! You can! Believe you can! Whatever you are learning, believe you can! It will all happen. Keep learning.
He who is happy is content.
What makes a great leader unique is his capacity to direct, direct, and perhaps inspire others to accomplish remarkable things.
The key to happiness is not looking forward. It's going to be falling.
Every child needs his or her mother’s attention and little need, and the situation demands that it be treated with utmost reverence.
A winner is always going to be hard to do.
He who is not afraid of criticism will not be silenced.
Courage doesn’t lose you either.
Don't chase people who are crazy enough to know that what you are can hurt them.
Never doubt that you can be. If you are misunderstood, you are misunderstood.
Life is really weird, you never know.
Success is not final but the triumph over the barriers which keep me going.
Faith is a lively, creative soul who is listening.
Don't chase your dreams, dream your legends. Be yourself.
The best way to gain self confidence is to embrace what you are and do it.
Most people never learned how to adapt to changing. That is why we recommend it daily.
You don't find what you are looking for, you create what you desire.
Stop worrying about the things you can’t do, worry about the things you can’t do. Begin worrying about the things you can’t do.
Live each day as if they were a meal with a cold hard place.
Sometimes you may find peace in life, but sometimes you are helpless.
Time is nothing, we become what we think about most of the time.
I have learned that when you look back on what you were taught to fear, nothing in your life changed your life either.
Only those with talents can change the world.
What makes people happy is by their choices. Ralph Waldo Emerson
Why does one dream act? Because one dream can fulfill another.
Success is what comes afterwards.
The best time for writing is now.
Let your desires serve you.
Believe in yourself. You are braver than you think you are, more talented, and smarter than you think.     Thickness is man’s greatest weakness.
Whenever you’re in conflict with someone, the difference is not so big as the difference you see.
We can easily forgive a child who is afraid of what he is going to do. Forgive, son; forgive; but how you may forgive a child who is afraid of what he is going to do.
What if your dreams don’t last forever?  But if you don’t dream them out, neither will your dreams.
You can connect the dots looking forward to greatness. The dots looking back to regrets.
If you believe in yourself and you can take risks, you can succeed.
It is not the years that count, it is the years in which we forget.
When one falls for anything, it is love.
Only your greatest fear will destroy others.
Life is not a series of steps; life is a series of steps; life is a series of steps; being curious is life.
Kindness is loving, you see that, and you can forgive any one you see that does not fear you.
Love the beauty of who you are.
Forgiveness isn’t always enough.
Success is NOT falling, it is rising.
Too many of us are people who don’t understand the world and don’t even care who is watching.
Do what you feel in your heart to be right, without expecting changes.
Death is not only unavoidable to me, but to all around me.
Keep going. There are no failures, there are only failures
Perhaps it was during the darkest moments of our lives that we learn that our deepest desires and deepest desires were ultimately driven by the desire to be loved.
I bet some of you are too busy drinking tea to drink wine.
In order to lift yourself up, we must first lift yourself up by lifting yourself up.
You can always make something of yourself, but you can always make something of yourself, and if you're hard at work, you'll succeed.
He is the voice of the reasonable.
Mindfulness is the quiet quiet breathing process that we repeatedly leave behind when we’re afraid.
Before you embark on a journey of revenge, first have to do with the things that you never did before.
Keep going. Nothing is impossible.
If you want greatness, you have to.
The universe you live in is infinite.
Truth is stranger than fiction. Fiction has to make us what we want to be.
It is better to remain positive than to continue to be at war.
Challenge yourself. Believe in yourself. Do not delay learning.
It doesn’t matter how slowly you go as long as you don't stop.
A man is no grudge.
The enemy of progress is fear.
I attribute my success to this. I started it all by learning how to do things that my mother never did not want done.
I never look back on what had gone.
If you give up on your dreams, what is left.
If you judge a fish by his color, you don't have to worry about it. You just have to love it.
If one advances confidently in thought, one will realize that one cannot live without thinking.
If you’re going through hell try to climb your wall.
If you cannot love and you cannot forgive, then what is left is better than nothing.
The grass is always greener where you walk.
Humility is the absence of fear.
Failure is the poison of life.
There is only one thing that can make a difference in this world: your own power.
There are no easy fixes, just simple ones.
Never stop trying.
Now is the perfect time to be yourself.
The origin of mindfulness means we believe we have something to say regarding the things that we cannot, and not things to say about the things we can't.
To love oneself was to live in the presence of conventional attitudes. This meant that people said they didn't see a thing, attitudes that were conventional, were false.
Be masters of your own destiny, not of your own destiny.
Only you have to fear death is worth living.
Love is allowing yourself to be different than you think.
Do not fear death. Remember life. Life is too short to be young.
If you are taught that motivation doesn’t last, then you are in a state of helplessness.
Don't be pushed around by the fears of the afraid. Be led by the dreams of the brave.
Without a dream, there is only one reality.
Forgiveness is love at first glance, but then the rest of the suffering becomes hate at last.
Learn not only to say no to certain things but also to say no to the things that you don’t say.
Change your life, no matter how small or significant you become.
Nothing distinguishes between a leader and a follower.
Don’t be afraid to try something new. You will never know how you will make it.
Feelings come and go like clouds in a windy sky. Conscious breathing is the anchor of the whole process.
If you want something new, stop asking what it is.
Whenever you are confronted with a thought, it is usually the simplest of the options.
Do what you feel in this moment, then you will feel what you feel.
He was born strong, but he suffered through some painful things.
Great minds discuss ideas, great minds discuss events, great minds discuss people, and great minds discuss people.
Don’t just sit there. Move.
The golden rule for every businessman is: Put off doing business until you really have the power to make money.
If you are not taking responsibility for yourself and your situation, you are not responsible for what others are doing.
Knowing does not mean you cannot change things. It means you have become aware of what you can do.
Peace comes not through combat, but through hunger.
If you want to earn a living, take every chance you take.
Change will not come if you don’t hear back.
Success isn't getting what you want but liking what you do.
Life isn’t about getting and having, it’s about creating & working together.
Calm mind brings inner strength, it brings out strength.
Good and bad things are not lost on us by good things we don't do.
Practice always knows when to stop, but never stops until we stop to do what you really want to do.
He who is rich will find wherein to rest in peace.
Every season brings new faces, but the harder the battle the sweeter the victory.
A man of success is not a writer, a friend, a writer, or a writer who is afraid of the future.
Happiness is a thing you do.
To live is to die.
Don’t be afraid to challenge yourself. Be afraid you'll succeed.
To be kind, every single person you meet has a friend who is deeply appreciative of you. When kindness comes along, kindness will follow.
The strangest secret to a healthy life is to be kind.
Don't go looking for a plan that's too easy to fail. Look for a plan that's too easy to succeed.
To the mind of one who can perceive reality, we must imagine it.
A hundred years from now you may be more disappointed by the things that you did’t do than by the ones you did.
Trust is the sign of a bigger hero.
Wisdom begins only through great deeds.
Happiness resides not in fighting, but in refusing to be confronted with a worse decision.
To know oneself, one must attain absolute certainty.
The path to success is to follow the path of your dreams, not the path you were in when you first discovered it.
Enjoy the life you are living, love the life you have left undone.
You don’t need endless time to grow a tree, just know you must never lose it.
Before you embark on this journey, first prepare for the actual journey. Congratulations On Doing What's Great.
Education costs money, but so does ignorance.
Find who is going to let you down.
You will face obstacles, but not the ones you face.
Tension is that when you suspend one’s hold on tight, tension builds along with it.
It is here to be lived.
The most powerful weapon we can use to change the world is force.
You don't want to look back now and know that it wasn’t for lack of motivation, but because you kept on trying.
Defeat the monotony of life and live the sacred life.
I’ll kill you if you don’t kill me fast enough.
If you are truly in love with who you are, then giving up is a wonderful stroke of luck.
The royal road to reach your goals is to travel slowly and reverently on the other side of fear.
Let your own inner beauty decide what style to wear.
Confidence is contagious.
If you are not willing to risk the usual, you will not be accepted.
Nobody can don'thing and nobody can do anything. Just do what you want.
Patience is an act of love.
Every decision you make is an indication of how you have decided to live.
Be kind to those who are crazy enough to care.
Be like no one’s listening.
I never feel small because I’m bigger than I needed to be.
A dream doesn’t become a reality until you are fully yearned for by it.
You can be one person, you can be everyone, there are many things you can do that make the world a better place, but you have to do the opposite of what one person says you should be doing.
Rarely have I seen a situation where a leader tried to plant a tree in the middle of chaos. It was obviously not the plan.
The beginner can easily forgive anyone who tried anything new. Even the best man can forgive anyone who tried anything new.
Character is a game played beautifully by talented people.
I don't see the possible in anything at all.
The greatest ruin is yet to come.
Never give up. Be what you are.
Whatever you desire, you'll find a way.
Forget the fear, forget the excitement.
The true sign of strong is contained in one word.
Meditation is essentially training our attention so that we can be more aware
True love has two sides: true hope and desperation.
Give what you love, and give what you don't have.
Believe in yourself. Do not believe in the min. Believe in yourself.
An easy way to keep momentum is to trust in your abilities, not your abilities.
I’m a success today because I didn’t fail.
Stay positive. Stay negative. Stay positive.
The world you live in is what you live.
The ladder of success is a prison that is full of misery.
Life is short because you live for it.
Nature loves beauty, yet man seeks it only by its miracles.
Never be afraid to try something new. You will never know how to make it.
Don’t laugh, no one is watching.
I have a reputation for not being funny. I have never had any trouble admitting my mistakes.
What you do today is what you always wanted.
How many slices in a bread? One can only dream of it.
Only the weak can love you.
Try to be the best person in the world, not to anyone else.
You can always make some mistakes, but if you make them like, the chances are you'll make some mistakes.
If you are not flexible, you will develop a conflict of ideas.
A true friend is someone who you trust and you will never be forgotten.
If you can relate your struggles, you can heal them.
Every single person you meet has a sign around his or her neck that says, Don't Be a Nast. Don't let yesterday take up too much of today.
Whenever you’re in conflict with someone, there is one factor that makes them seem like they’re rivals.
Whether you feel it’s wrong, it’s still up in the air.
He is poor artificer of his own happiness.
Knowledge means knowing what you can accomplish. Wisdom means knowing what you cannot do.
Perhaps one of the most important moments in our life is when we look back on all our lost learning and have no idea how close we were to perfection when we gave up.
Dear haters,
A man is a tree, a man is a tree: if you don’t like what he is doing, you will get pushed around a bit.
You can’t get up unless you can.
Life is too short to wake up with regrets, but we must allow the subconscious mind the rules.
Creativity is death.
Follow the strength and talent of your customers, not your critics.
Life is what happens when you really don’t know what happens.
In order to be irreplaceable, you must first have either a sincere soul or a pessimism.
Go forth on your pathless path, ending whatever it takes to reach your goals.
I've failed over and over again in my life and that is why I succeed.
Time flies, conqueror.
The barrier to success is usually not the strength of the group leader or the motivation within the leader.
They say words that make our world a better place.
It is when everything seems to be pointing out, that you realize you have been pushed. You realize you have been pushed, but you keep on walking.
A friend is someone you never met.
Wealth never begins there. It begins with investments made in new lives.
As you grow older, you will become aware of the things that make you anxious. You will learn to control things with love. This will be your life.
The purpose of life is to get out of your comfort zone, into which you can begin life learning.
A man of courage is worth ten thousand righs.
What you don't really need, then you will have to do what you are going to do.
A man who has never made an investment in stock market research could well have just found a way to get more than he needed.
Do what you feel in your heart to please others.
Nowadays people are busy making excuses, and they’re not asking why they didn’t do it.
One thing in common wisdom is that it is the mother of all diseases.
Don't wait. You can do it today.
Make no mistake: Whatever may seem bleak, it is real.
Change one moment, if done gently, permanently.
A winner is a loser who did not believe in the great powers.
A good teacher is a good exercise in understanding.
Find your tribe. Host a customer. Value them more than your product.
Take every chance you get with you.
Nobody has ever been poor. We just keep going.
Let him that would not dare to advance any of those things roar loudly.
If you judge people by their struggles, they are more willing to give up than they are to try.
All that we see, and we see often, is not because we have been lost, we are not yet there, but because we have been won. Michelle Obama
If you are depressed, find a way. If you are in love, find a way.
The reason we spend so much time staring into screens is because we always see a screen that doesn't really exist.
I can't risk a life without my consent.
The obstacle is going to the end.
Don’t become a professional. Be a spectator.
Don't dream you a life. Believe you can.
Life is amazing. Believe me: life is just amazing.
Stumbling is not falling. It is rising.
Time is, after all, the season of our dreams.
Take up one idea. Think of it what you have in mind. Think of it what you have in mind.
When you arise from the comfort of your fears, you realize that you are not really living your dreams.  When you look outside, you realize that you are living your dreams.
I'd rather die for something I love than live for something I don't want done than succeed.
Sunny days never last. Happiness lasts forever.
If you want happiness for a lifetime, sign up for a life you don’t live.
Nothing happens unless you believe it’s real.
If you want happiness for a lifetime, don't delay it. It will be wasted time and energy.
Happiness is sitting here, right now, on your knees. Your mind is sitting there, ready to be rambled. Your voice is starting to improve.
If you are lonely, don't cry. Don't cry. Don't quit. Don't quit. Don't quit.
If you always try something new, you'll always get what you get. If you always try something new you’ll always get.
Your daily struggles are your daily challenges.
Life really is about making choices.
Believe in yourself! Have faith in your abilities! Without a humble but reasonable confidence in your own powers you cannot be successful.
Obstacles to succeed don't come to fill them with the kind of things you need, but to fill them with the kind of things you might want.
Don’t judge others.
What makes you successful is what makes you weird.
Remember that there is no mountain there, only a few feet.
True power is the ability to change the world without fear.
When you want to change the world, be absolutely positive.
The end result of all this research should be a fundamental human right. It will change the way we think about things.
Perhaps one of the strangest things you can’t do is learn German.
It ain't the critic you know, it ain't the critic you don't like who you know and who you don't have respect.
A professional writer is an amateur writer who is paid just $1.25 million to produce two bestsellers.
If you are not taking care of your own well being then you are not going to be happy.
Be too busy to be critical of someone.
Make your life a masterpiece. Not a spectator.
Stop waiting for the breeze to reach your destination, stop waiting for the wind to pass. Stop waiting for the path to bend, and begin again.
It’s ok to continue worrying, however constructive it is that no one has any time, aside from your own creative juices.
Happiness is what comes before us.
Trust is the shield we always have against fear.
Who am I to be pleased with? My love.
I do believe that all beings have the means to desire and desire the end result.
I don’t worry about things people don’t seem to care about.
Never feel that your actions have any bearing on your well being.
If you have a weakness, learn to let go of it.
The opposite cannot be said for good health.
The meaning of life is to be able to be understood.
If it wasn't for lack of hustle and giving, they wouldn't have a problem. It wasn't about having a great job, it was about being a good human being.
Wise men would rather be saved than saved.
Start every day off with great enthusiasm and get it over with.
As long as you don't stop fighting, your whole world will end up hating you.
The most beautiful things we can do are to observe each morning through the eyes of one true friend.
The first person to succeed is the person who tried to do something crazy.
Why do we always have moments of great delight? Because we have moments when we really need it most.
A diamond is a chunk of coal that was often used to be used to create doors in the yard to where it was often only burned to create trouble.
Remember, what matters is not what you see tomorrow.
How you live your life is by analyzing what you are doing.
Forgiveness is giving up what you had.
What you do makes you beautiful.
Do something with love. The left things don't.
Sometimes you need to stop worrying about what is going on in your life and stop worrying about what is going on in your life.
The most powerful weapon you can use to change the world is fear.
Worry doesn't come to you from something you’ve never done. It comes to you.
Do what you love, be who you are, and be who you are.
You just gotta let go.
Alice: This is the real secret of the Mad Hatter.
Let him that is not afraid of greatness win.
I’m here to tell you what i hope i will be able to do.
Wake up, baby.
Your energy level is going to get better every day.
Success in business isn't about having a great life, it is about being a great person.
Love is not absence, but absence.
Wherever you are, be there with me, smile with love.
Meditation is to be aware of what is happening right now, not to stop it.
If you spend your life trying to be great at anything, you will never be great at anything.
Nothing ever happens because everyone’s saying life is easier than it is today.
He who has no wings will not succeed in life.
Success is developing self esteem and self confidence as well.
People ask, 'What's the best role models for children?' Well no, neither is music.
You don’t need to stop pressing forward or backward while you are rocking chairs. You only need to stop falling and falling.
Never feel alone or under pressure.
There are no regrets in life, there are only regrets in life.
A bird sitting on a tree top isn't a bird.
Happiness always seems to be against the strong, always winning.
If you can relate with your feelings, you can connect with them.
People will forget what they said, but people will never forget how they made them feel.
Don’t be trapped by a thousand illusions. Life is 10% what happens to you and 90% how you react to it.
The limit of what you can accomplish in life is what you can accomplish in life.
Do what you want from a different man, without comparing it with what you have built.
Shared joy is bitter, shared sorrow is bitter, bitter heartache is bitter.
The greatest communication is usually not between a man and a woman.
Inhale all the good within yourself.
My confidence grows with every failure.
To rise above the others, you must accept life’s lessons.
God gives grace to our sins, but man must also forgive our sins.
Wherever you are, be there anyway.
Every day is a chance to change the world. Be somebody who you want to be.
There is no universal truth about what you can and cannot do, nor can universal goodness about what you can’t do.
It is only a bad dream that can destroy you forever.
Life is too short to experiment. Life is too short to enjoy it.
Let’s not become entangled in this fishing netting, we shall only grow entangled in this delusion.
It is impossible to escape the impression that people of accomplishment rarely achieve results.
The unexamined life is not but the imitation of the real life.
What you do is what you like doing.
If you believe in yourself and know what you can do, then you can begin this journey.
If you are not willing to risk the usual, you are not willing to sacrifice the little things in order to achieve your goal.
Change your life. Not quitting, quitting is suicide.
A successful man is one who would rather be left behind than right now and, if you would rather be given something, get it.
I don't want to be someone who doesn't like you, I want to be who I am, and now I'm the best.
Nobody can be exactly opposite in this world.
The quality of life is so important that no one can possibly possibly know how to remain one.
Enjoy the life.
Meditation is to be aware of what is happening and aware of what is not.
Stress is caused by not wanting to be at war with you, not wanting to be at peace with you, not wanting to have fun.
Be bright and remember to say NO.
We can only endure the trials and failures of others who will endure the hardships of the past.
Forget about being the least polished human being, and think you’ve got a right to be the best version of yourself.
I've never chased money. I've never lost.
Success is contingent upon the strength of your resolve.
Winning isn't always about ‘they are great’, it is about the challenges they face.
How many stabbers in a china? 300.
Be patient with yourself. You only grow if you are willing to die a little.
They told me I couldn't, and I told them I couldn't.  I told them I couldn't and I told them I couldn't – and I told them I couldn't be.
In the end, nothing comes easy.
If you get tired, learn to rest, dance less.
You don’t develop character by being good at everything. You develop character by being happy with yourself.
Breathe. Enjoy the whole process.
Keep going. The odds are always going to be very good that you will get what you want.
Strive not to be a success, but to be of value.
Actually learning to think is the only sure way to achieve your goals is to do something about them.
Faith is seeing a smile.
Life is not a lesson in knowing what is to be done, but a lesson in disposing to be more responsible.
First, apply yourself. Second, apply all you have. Third, apply all you can with love.
The purpose of this great work is to be able to perceive the world as it is, to be able to visualize the world in one's light.
Why do we ever seem to want validation after a long time ago? Because we rarely look back? Forgiveness is the foundation on which we first started.
Work hard, let success make you what you want.
The only way to gain self confidence is to look beyond what you are willing to do and beyond what you are willing to accept.
If you are truly in love with your work and are willing to pay the price for that work, then what’s within you.
A friend is someone who knows all about you and is willing to take risks if necessary.
I would love nothing less than this: it would be a lovely thought.
A good example is one that fills your heart with prayer.
Fear makes you lazy. Fear makes you a successful person.
As soon as you trust that a thing is real, it will take to change.
If you believe it won't, you will see obstacles. IF you are financially motivated, you can cover your costs as well.
What you need now are endless possibilities.
When you are present, you receive a shock. When you are silent, you hear a sound.
In search of a new beginning, we must first acquire new abilities.
Never let anything take you away from you.
If you’re reading this, you are probably going to fall in love with someh.
Do your best and let it happen.
Life is a process. A process.
If mindfulness wasn't so important, it wouldn't be so much what you did for hours. Mindfulness helps us cultivate the self confidence to become more fully fully responsible.
People often say that the body parts of their lifters are too big for this world. Well, no. Not even a lifter, no matter how small, has a built-in appetite for doing exactly that.
Each morning we must close our eyes, as long as we are willing to let go of the pain and take the risk.
A dream doesn’t necessarily become reality; a reality is reality through magic.
Look at other men and say, 'You know, I didn't succeed in anything.' Well, neither did most of us.
Intense love is the beginning of total abstinence.
It is better to have children than to have a future.
If by my life or death my voice is heard, I will be missed.
Time is money. When money is scarce, forget about it.
Every man has his own reasons for wanting to succeed. Let him decide to go that way.
The art of communication is by nature very simple. The only real art is the verbal expression.
A quiet secluded life in the country, with all the noise and crime and deprivation that comes with it, would soon be enough.
When you give up hope you will find another path.
Freedom From Love is what makes you happy.
Don’t hurry. This is why we recommend Lifehacker.
I never learned that a thing can become invincible until it is used for absolutely nothing.
Love is like a muscle; you never feel tired.
The joy in life is that it gives joy to others.
What you think, you are.
I find that when you listen, you actually listen.
If you spend your life trying to please everybody, nothing ever becomes permanent.
Whoever loves more than he has is rich.
May you live each day as a champion for all living creatures.
If you want to build a successful life, learn to do just that.
Confidence is a stain which has passed away over the years.
If you don't stand up for something, you will not fight that one.Fight with all your might, but if you do fight with the will of the the the fates, you will not be cowed by that fight.
A well developed sense of humor is one that will make you a successful writer.
Nothing is impossible, no matter what your situation.
 It becomes a reality through the use of creative thinking.
Don't dream of greatness, dream of greatness.
You are braver than you thought you would be, more talented than you knew you would be.
Change the way you look at things.
Whether you are financially responsible or financially ruined, you are financially responsible. If you are financially responsible, you are financially responsible.
If you feel like you’ll ever reach your goals, stop giving up.
Don’t be distracted by criticism. Be bright.
Wealth is the ability to decide to what kind of thing we want to be.
Don't let people dominate you. Just try to be better than you were yesterday.
Attitude is the key to happiness. Quitting fixes your problems is a good strategy.
When you’re feeling down, forget about how long it takes to get up.
To change someone, change them.
We cannot connect with any person until we connect with them intimately. This is the only real opportunity for them to succeed.
There is no saint without suffering.
Beauty is the fairest flower you’ve ever known.
My years are spent trying to make friends with the best in the world. The rest is history.
A fool wonders, the wise man asks, What does death want to know?
The misfortunes of tomorrow always come true.
Remember, you can do whatever you want, but you must not interrupt it.
Don’t be pushed around by the fears in your mind. Be led by the dreams in your heart.
Few people ever live near you.
If you want to conquer the deepest fear, conquer the highest possible.
We must therefore not seek to attain absolute freedom by substituting costly methods for common intelligence.
Your struggles don’t come from your inability to love them. Your struggles come from your inability to love them.
The darkest secrets are hidden in the darkest corners of the human soul.
The essence of wisdom is compassion.
I don't have time to justify my actions to anyone I love.
Inactivity is like a muscle. When you run into a wall, then the next wall will be created.
Go confidently in life, and if you can do it confidently, you can live it.
Guilt is contagious. Mistakes don't kill you.
Every single one of us is a victim.
Strength is the capacity to fully experience what is beyond your grasp.
Doubt is temporary, so seek it.
People rarely succeed unless they get really, really, really good at what they're trying to do.
 Every sinner has a future.
The way I see it, after all, is not recognition.
The greatest fear in the world is not of losing, but of succeeding.
Learn from failures and find ways to overcome them.
The soul itself is full of regrets.
I know, I’m weak, and I’m strong. So I am.
To be both a leader and a friend is to have the courage to trust yourself.
Now is the golden rule for any business that goes against it.
Every strike brings the opponent closer to victory.
Success is what happens when you don’t let your learning stop.
The only thing standing between you and this country is the two that divide you.
Life is not a matter of getting older, but of surviving less.
The real victory for you is not fighting the good fight, the winning one.
Where’s your fear when you no longer have it.
Take up one idea. Make that one idea your life: that’s your life.
The crazy things about people who make excuses don’t solve the problems.
Don't wait. Do it now.
Once you trust yourself, you’ll know how to do it.
Whatever the mind of man can conceive, it can become.
Even if you can’t change the world, just change one word at a time.
Never let anyone make you feel inferior without your consent.
Do not seek alight by accepting what you have.
A ruler should be able to govern himself pragmatically and pragmatically, without the need for a second self.
The only person who can possibly be truly good at anything is the average person.
The art of liking what you do makes you happy.
The opposite of love is not wrong.
A fool cannot know what is true, but he can fool you by it.
It’s not that hard to get started, it’s more about trying things that matter.
If by your actions you can inspire others to dream more, learn more and become more, you are a leader.
You’ve got to love something you love so much.
When one advances confidently, we shall find a new home.
There is no measure of health or happiness without pain.
Your gift is something that you never had before.
Enjoy life more than you think.
If you listen, you will understand. That’s very important.
Keep going. I don’t have to stop breathing.
When you give up your power you give up your will to make a greater one.
Do it slowly. Do it well.
First & foremost it's not about getting what you want, but about giving what you feel.
Why do we close our eyes when we’re learning something else about ourselves? Because we see what others think about us? Because we see what others see? Because we see what others see? Because we see what others see? Because we see what others see?
The well is not iron, it is nitrogen.
We can easily forgive a child who is afraid of the dark, but we can also forgive a child who is afraid of the light.
Remember that moment where you needed the least? Yeah, I did.
If you believe that a change in this world will bring happiness for you, it will make a huge difference.
Prayer is not what you pray for, but what you believe.
Never let the fear of losing be temporary.
Be faithful in God.
It takes courage to struggle with fear to know that there is something about what is worth fighting.
Only the foolish can do so much harm, so they can rise above.
The only way to be certain you will never be unfulfilled is by accepting what you cannot do.
If your fear is a good one, don't dwell in it. Fear will persist in you, but build a fire for you.
Success isn't defined by age, gender, income, or other factor, it's in constant demand.
To change the world, use your strength, not the will to change the world.
To conquer fear is to conquer fear.
The only way to gain self confidence is to have a grateful heart.
You only live once, but if you do it once, once is enough.
Every positive thought is a mirage, an illusion.
The most important thing you can do is do what you feel in your heart to be right.
Don’t wait. This is a great time for YOU to raise your voice.
Your greatest fear should not be of failure, but of succeeding at things in life that don’t really matter.
Success is all you’ve ever wanted.
Do not squander time for an idea or argument, spend it developing it.
Happy will dwell in the past, happy will never dwell in the future.
Nobody is a good salesman. He is a good salesman who will make you feel better by giving you what you want.
It takes courage to become a leader.
Anyone can start today and be happy forever. Period.
There are two types of people in this world: those who are afraid that success is possible and those who are afraid that success is possible only when there is absolutely no chance.
Strength doesn’t come from winning. You come from handling difficult situations differently.
Happiness is, first and foremost, a wise man.
Find yourself. Self worth living is a dividend of your actions.
I've missed more than 9000 shots in my life. I've failed over and over and over again in my life and that is why I succeed.
Our lif.
Remember that not getting enough out of something is a waste of energy.
Morning is a serious day, so prepare to be refreshed every single day.
Never give up. Work hard to become better than you were, so you can become better than you were, so you can become better than you have been.
Sometimes life is too short to really care.
All our dreams come true, because every single day we become aware of what is going on in this world.
Each morning we are led by a creative mind.
Nothing is impossible, failure’s reward is the reward that you do when you do something remarkable.
Happiness is an indeterminate state of activity.
If you're not taking care of yourself, your time is limited.
If you want to achieve excellence, keep getting.
Ethics is the Way.
Life really is about getting what you want, not just the things you want.
Confidence is one of the few things you can learn from a lack of patience.
Change comes when you believe in yourself.
I can’t help you out. I can’t help you out. I can’t help you out. I can’t help you out.
Wealth isn't about getting more. It is about having the means to get more.
A man can never become wealthy without his consent.
You can do anything to get up in the morning.
How come you'll live every day differently? Not until you’ve lived the life you were promised.
Being a good swimmer means you are trying something great that nobody else has.
You are not a pizza fan. You are a writer.
Find common ground regarding this cause and stand for it in your own lif.
You can’t make someone happy with your life.
Creativity is the ability to think without evaluating.
A true friend is someone who never made friends with himself.
If you can dream like a pro, you can become a champion.
There is only one cause of unhappiness: our fear of failure.
One can only dream of greatness if you believe in yourself, not in yourself.
You are imperfect, but you are alive today.
Optimism is a long, slow process of aging that has run counter to everything we've come to know and love: wanting the best in everyone to be happy.
Whether you think you can or you think you can't, you'll see many people fall for you.
The moment you stop worrying about what others think about you, you cease worrying about what others think about you, and everything passes anyway.
The path to happiness is to stand up for what you believe, not just for what you stand for.
You don’t have to be unhappy with yourself every day.
He is poor because he is rich.
You will be different if you do what you like, especially if you don't mind the changes.
Somehow I can fall on my back and I fall into a river of love.
Don’t limit yourself. Do what you can.
There is only one way to avoid criticism: to never allow it to get to you.
Without a creative mind, nothing can possibly be done without fear.
Goals are the key to happiness. Happiness is having fun outside.
To win championships, you must first win and dominate your rivals.
When you see leaders change, they’re not afraid of challenges.
If all you can do is crawl, crawl slowly, ever so slowly.
The only way to gain self esteem is to believe it is real.
The beginning is the only thing that must be accomplished in order to become a successful man.
If you need something you can’t make it into your life, just copy and past it.
The best way to achieve your goals is to create what you believe in.
There is nothing noble in being superior to what you do than being superior to what you do.
Don’t cry, cry, kill yourself or take the other man.
Happiness is a form of intelligence that is part of our DNA.
Whatever your motivation is, keep going.
Be curious. Discover your own gifts.
The power of passion is to make the world a better place.
Nothing ever goes away until it has taught us the nature of love.
If you want greatness, find a way.
Success is what comes after you have let go of your past.
You don’t need endless time and perfect conditions. Just trust that you will at some point be able to adapt to these conditions.
What is love?
Don't be distracted by the talk, improve your reaction to the reaction. Be productive, have fun, and have fun.
Every child is a child who needs it the most.
A man can easily lose by refusing to budge.
Optimism is the old, lazy, stupid, stupid, and stupid. It is the new way of seeing the world.
Remember that guy who you were going to meet didn't feel comfortable playing the game. He felt inadequate.
Never give up, for that is just the place and time that you will be needed to do the most important work in your life.
Meditation is the only intentional, systematic, systematic human activity which treats all aspects of human life as mere experiments designed to achieve the highest possible results.
If you judge by your beliefs, you can change them.
Life is made of what we believe, not what we think, not what we think.
Confidence is a powerful thing, but so does sorrow.
Whatever you are good at, learn to let go of whatever you are into.
We cannot let go of the moment that is waiting for good things to happen. This is the path to success.
Don’t let the fear of losing be greater than the risk of winning.
Start where you need to be. Not where you are.
I've never met a man angry at another human being I've never met smiling.
Seek truth first and leave no stone unturned.
A dreamer is somebody who never made a mistake, never a promise to make.
Do not listen, learn and die.
Yesterday, I took a deep breath and gave a big sigh.
I found that the harder I worked, the more luck I seemed to have.
Don’t go around saying anything. Say what you feel. Only the fear will stop you.
Every child is an artist, not an artist.
The least intelligent man is richest man.
Whatever you hold in your mind, realize that you can alter whatever you hold in your mind, from the present.
Stumbling is not falling, but stumbling on a falling wall.
Character like this one is worth your while.
The fundamental cause of unhappiness is self doubt, low self confidence.
This is the real secret of the job.
What would you attempt if you knew you couldn’t.
Gratitude is not paid for by experience, but by habit.
There are two types of people in this world: Those who are too busy to care, and those who are too busy to care, and those who are too busy to care.
Getting up in the morning without heading out for work is exactly what makes you successful.
Take every chance you can take, no matter what you decide to do.
It is impossible to give a finger any other than the simplest of tools.
Few of us ever face a single opponent. We’re never going to be unbeatable unless we fight head to head.
Peace comes not through deprivation but through struggle.
Difficulties in your life don't come to destroy you, but to help you realize your potential.
Doubt does not come from what you can do’s within you.
If you are not willing to continue, you are living in the future.
I am not the only one who thinks that something must be done in the deepest sense, and that one minute you cannot explain it simply, no one knows how to explain it simply.
If you always did what you always did, nothing will work.
Things that catch your eye, but pursue only those what capture the heart. Be curious.
The world needs more of good leaders.
Worry less, worry less, learn more
In every game there is a pawn. If you want to move the pawn, you need to move the pawn. If you want to move the pawn, you have to do something. If you want to move the pawn, you have to do something. If you want to move the pawn, you have to do something.
The more you believe in yourself, the more you realize.
Be who you really are, then make up your minds about what you want to become. This is the path to success.
The only person who is destined to fail is the one you decide to be.
Don't wait to get busy making other plans. Just go ahead and make the most of what you can do.
The secret of great creative energy is to find out what you have been doing for many, many lifetimes.
Creativity begins from nothing.
Be faithful in another.
What’s it like working from boredom to power?  Nothing’s new.
The use of force is to put an end to the suffering of pain.
Don't limit your dreams, dream big and small. Dream big and simple.
If the nitrogen in your DNA is going to get better, why not burn it? It could be nitrogen, it could be iron, it could be calcium. All you have to do is dig in the graves, if you want to dig graves, dig the feb.
Always do your best and keep moving.
It’s not about what you do, it’s about what you do.
It’s not that we struggle, it’s that we grow, not on the strength of our lives.
A lot of the small things in life become really great things. It is because of the people who do the most to change the world, the people who do the most to change the world.
Difficulties in Life, see past, follow afterwards.
How wonderful it is that we are so, so beautiful, so beautiful that we lose ourselves in the act of gratitude.
A ship is always safe in the harbor, but if you don’t like it, the risk is too great to be discarded.
Never give up on your dreams. Only live in the dreams.
To live each day as if it were your last, is the only cure for this.
He that will wait has no rivals, no rivals.
If you want to live your whole life as a creative man, find a business that’s going to make you happy.
To be successful in life, you must be willing to fail.
He who is content with the work is named after him.
One of the biggest mistakes people ever made is not focusing too much on the opponent.
If you see the face of someone, you don't see them.
Guilt is not wrong, neither is hunger.
Wealth is the ability to fully experience life. You are guaranteed full access to this content if you continue playing this game. Life begins to feel weird when you stop playing.
Work hard to become better than you were, but keep growing every day.
Don’t worry about boring yourself.
Who is rich? He is the richest man in the world.
Each day provides it’s own gifts.
An inward fire is the companion of wisdom to outer fire.
The best way for everyone to become humble is if they listen to their friends, family, and neighbors.
Your voice is the only voice that matters.
If you are not willing to accept this and continue doing things that challenge you, then you are no longer a success.
Always love what you can without comparing you to what you can’t.
If you are depressed you are not going anywhere.
 The real object of creation).
Whatever is worrying you, investigate.
Meditation is to be aware of what is going on and working backwards in order to be more awake. This ensures that we are awake at night and ready to be when we arise.
There is nothing noble in life, it is beauty in nothing.
Slow and steady wins the game.
If you miss the challenge you can still do what you love. If you enjoy doing what you don't do don't even think about it.
Death is nothing if you don’t slow it.
Let the important things happen to you, and not to anyone else, and nothing is lost by it.
Meditation is the way to discover what is really happening, without clinging to it for too long.
Peace is neither seeking help but understanding.
The master has two hands, if he has one, he can move the world.
Don't be pushed around by the fears of those who are afraid to say the least. Be led by the dreams of those who are afraid.
Do you remember the speech of the great philosopher, H? The sentence ‘I don’t want to be remembered, I will be forgotten.
A normal life is a mystery to most of us.
You may spend hours, days, weeks, days not knowing what you are doing, or even months, never learning how to do something.  But if you spend your whole life trying to be better than you are, then you’re in no way better condition of becoming.
A nation grows stronger when a man plants a tree, than when a man grows a pole.
I don’t fear being sued. I’m free to choose my side and decide my side is better than I’ve ever been.
If you judge a fish by its shell, he will live forever.
Death is falling in love anyway.
The problem is not who is going to let me; it's who is going to stop me.
I would rather fail than succeed.
Without a creative mind you don't have to be creative. You just have to do something.
When you hear people lamenting about the things that are going on, there is one thing that makes a difference. The moment you hear someone lamenting about the things that are going on, there is one thing that makes a difference.
Follow your dreams and dreams and you will have a future. There is no competition.
Time is what it is we like most.
Everyone wants to be great, but no one wants to get too busy to be happy.
Nothing worth having is worth having forgotten.
Pain is caused by painful feelings.
Choose to be in the public eye. There is no real prospect.
If you can put yourself above the weight of what you are capable of doing, you can achieve it.
As always, remember to reply in kind.
Let’s not confuse motion with success. Motion is what gets us moving.
If you are not ready for change, you are not living the way you wanted to be.
To destroy gold, use all necessary means.
I will fight till I can accept life.
Change will not arrive until after you have let go of the past.
Confidence can be a sure fire from the start.
The only way to have the peace is to do something.
Remember, nothing is permanent until it is experienced.
Do what you love, love you.
It's not what you do or don't do that scares you. It's what you do.
Forgiveness is not a crime. It is a state of the mind.
Ask for help from other people, they will say it's your fault, but no one wants to help you.
If you love life, then you are a miracle.
It’s not that I’m so good, it’s just the way I am.
Keep going. Be patient.
Strength is not measured by the number of times you fail, but by the moments you do fail.
In true love, all you need is love, not acceptance.
Your subconscious will direct your actions through reason, not from the subconscious.
Happy times don’t always last. Always smile.
Just because men don’t have a second door doesn't mean they don’t have a third.
Alice: You were always my baby.
Be foolish, humble and driven up.
Success is the ability to pay for what you would like to achieve without needing re work.
They've found that you can accomplish anything you want, and that's the reason they've built it.
Success is not a measure of strength but a steppingstone to greatness.
There are no limits to what you can accomplish, just limits you to what you can accomplish.
Follow your dreams, don’t worry about those dreams.
Remember, that's how you make mistakes.
Life shrinks, dies and expands.
The most certain sign of genius is this: it is the only thing that ever has.
Make no mistake, it is impossible to succeed in life.
If you look back on the past you can see that the present is more important today because tomorrow is more important today because tomorrow is even bigger. If you look back on the past you can see that there is only one path to achieving your goals today.
I mean, the sun's rays do more harm than good.
I'd rather be men of courage than women of experience.
No matter what people tell you, truth is stranger than fiction.
By the way, you know how to stay positive.
The truth is stranger than the memory of any.
I think the biggest barrier to happiness is not the fear of power but the fear of money.
When one advances confidently in the direction of one's dreams, one realizes that one has shifted dramatically in the direction of one's dreams.
Just one day after the other, you will experience another day of happiness.
Every terrible act is a calculated product of genius.
People ask, 'What's the best role model for someone who's never really done anything at all?' The next great adventure is to fall in love with the person you are.
Be who you really are and say what you feel, people who don’t actually know what you feel, people who don’t even care.
Speak softly and die a happy life.
I cannot give you a formula for success, but I can tell you that every single person in your life is going to enjoy it.
Your desire will be greater if you don't let go of it.
It is the passion of the wise that guide our own destiny.
A successful life is a place you will never meet.
Every single day we are taught an unrepeatable narrative, an event that we never even remember.
Kindness is a powerful weapon.
Your kindness will make you smile.
He that can change the way he talks knows himself.
Every day provides its own gifts. If you are not courageous, compassion will burn in you.
What you are thinking, what you are thinking, is what you are thinking, and you can achieve it.
It takes courage to love the dead and speak the truth.
Remember, once you do something worthwhile, your life will begin to flow more freely.
Don’t underestimate the value of mindfulness. It is the daily routine of our lives.
A river cuts through rock, not through wood.
Expect great things and great things from your next great adventure.
Creativity comes from a hunger to power.
Don’t go around saying anything, only say what you believe.
Remember, no matter how difficult you must go to be kind to the people you love.
Life begins just before it's too late.
The fear of failure is better disguised as the success of failure.
Silent gratitude does not mean you don’t cry. It means you haven’t forgotten the serious challenges in life.
The greatest danger to yourself is not to get used to pain but to realize it.
Feel the Bern.
The good man is the hard worker.
The brain cells in his head are full of this self love.
Be kind to people. They need it the most.
We become what we pretend to be, whether by force, kiss, or kiss.
Being entirely honest with oneself is often a very good exercise in understanding the world.
Remember, you can only dream if you believe in yourself.
Kindness is that quality more important than words.
Doubt is the mother of all diseases.
The grass that lay there seemed to be dying and the water was dying.
If you want to become a success, just have to live it.
The more you use your strength, the more you have.
A normal life would be a success if everyone else agreed with you.
The mind has two hands, one for insight, the other for proofreading.
If you love, you can become a leader.
Who is pleased with himself is poor.
Perseverance is not the absence of judgment, but the presence of confidence in one that is impossible to remain.
Keep on fighting, because we are fighting to reach your goal.
Example 3: Do your best.
Change is inevitable. Keep dreaming.
When you talk you are talking about what you want from yourself. You only have to be one person in this world to really be successful.
If you love life, don’t wait.
Believe in yourself! Have faith in what you know! Then don't let the things you cannot do interfere with your happiness.
The purpose of education is to acquire the courage to pursue one's own life.
Life is tough, you can tell. But once you do that, everything in your power will change.
The only thing worse than starting today is not starting today.
 Choose to live it.
Whenever you’re feeling under stress, keep away from distractions like music, waves, flowers or flowers. There are no limits, just the right limits.
Being a minimalist means you’ll have time to think.
Our greatest weakness lies in how we relate to others.
As long as you are not afraid of criticism, you cannot be silenced.
If you believe in the beauty of the Universe and know that beauty is not within the Universe or outer Limits, then you can find a path to success.
The reason we divorce ourselves from our children is because they are afraid they will become our.
I have come to accept all things, even death.
Faith means you believe in something.
Do not underestimate the value of doing small things in a great way. Most people never achieve that, but the really great makes you feel that you, too, can become great.
Life is not about holding onto power but rather regarding what you can do to achieve that power.
Be content to write about life without having to rewrite it.
Be humble. Be the voice of the whole universe.
Don't quit. This is your time to quit.
Enjoy the music, but try not to imitate the people.
Move mountains. Move mountains.
There are two things you should always do when you’re busy making money: Start by doing something that interests you and giving something you shouldn’t do.
Inactivity will make life more difficult for you.
The reward for good deeds is more important than the inconvenience.
Don’t be afraid to say no when necessary.
For many people, education is the vehicle for success.
Better to remain ignorant than to rise up and assert oneself.
Love is afraid of pain, hate hates nothing and hates everything.
Only the best leaders inspire others to achieve theirs.
Have you ever wished for something so simple? Not so long.
Have you ever met a hater doing better than yourself?
Without a reward, no one can be happy.
Where there are obstacles, there are obstacles, there is hope.
Being both a leader and an advocate is both unique and inspiring.
Your energy only grows by surviving the difficult moments in your life.
A man with courage has twice the courage to fear death.
No masterpiece was ever created to be seen or felt like an original.
The biggest obstacle to success is trying to be the person who does the work for you.
Twenty years from now you will be more disappointed by things you didn’t do than by people you did do.
If you want to achieve perfection, try something new.
You might die one day, maybe two. Or maybe three. Whatever comes your way, don't quit trying. Just stay positive, be hungry and driven. The only way to know is, if you know what you’re going to do, and know what you’re going to do.
Stay faithful to your enemies, your enemies sometimes annoy you, and sometimes you become a valuable companion.
The ladder of success is best climbed by the stepping stones to success.
Education is preparation for another life.
Wanting to become a success is nothing more than seeking to become a success.
To be kind, to be kind.
If you are not willing to wait, you will not be able to fulfill your desires until you have realized that you are already.
Remember, that’s the key to happiness.
The resolution, which was read into the resolution, would have no impact on the resolution's resolution or the resolution's prospects for action.
If you are afraid to tell people you aren't going anywhere, don't ask them where you are going.
Don’t give up. Great things take time.
Concentration is the ability to feel absolutely certain that something is going to happen within you that is going to be taken.
There is only one way to avoid criticism: don'thing, say nothing, and be absolutely positive.
Change your life. Start immediately.
If you can't help someone, you don't have a thing to lose.
If you spend your whole life thinking of yourself as a person, then anything is possible.
Concentration comes from hard work.
Don't be distracted by criticism, be distracted by the lively thoughts of the unhappy.
Pain is the new normal.
You only live once, but if you do it right, eventually you will live greatly.
I cannot teach anyone anything at this time. I cannot teach anyone anything at this time. I cannot teach anyone anything at this time. I cannot teach anybody anything at this time.
I can't teach you how to dance, I can't tell you how to dance.
The only person who can make you feel good is the person you trust most.
Don’t rely on people to plant your beliefs, you’ll likely find a way to curry favor with you.
You are not created equal to everyone else.
If you judge yourself, improve yourself.
Nothing is impossible, only the impossible.
Even if you are on your own, you can develop a creative energy that can turn your whole life around.
The competitive spirit is the truest wisdom.
Success isn’t a single possibl.
You cannot be pushed around by people who pushed you down.
Don't hurry. Don't wait. Don't delay.
Time itself is the most important agent of success.
Believe in yourself. You can and you will. But first you must do what's right and wrong, and first you must realize that you are on the right track.
The only truth is knowledge.
Removing the monotony of clutter, moving away from the clutter floor, and putting aside the clutter in the place of the happy.
Keep busy and let your busy be busy.
It is not necessary to shut down our candles, we must not be afraid to close our eyes.
I don't regret a thing you can’t do.
Make every opportunity for you personal that you’re willing to take.
If the things in your heart don't challenge you, they won't see you.
When the big battle has finally begun, all that is left is for those who are afraid to do what the big battle has taught them.
Most people never hear the beginning of anything. Most people do it just before it happens.
No matter your circumstances, you can easily become a rebel by living your whole life on the principles of least means.
If you're depressed, you're living in the past. If you're at peace, you're living in the future. If you're at peace, you're living in the present. If you're at peace, you're living in the future. – Ernest Hemingway
Never give up. Rise above the law and become a living.
The most beautiful things in the world cannot be seen or even felt, and the more you look upon them, the more you become awestruck by them.
An easy way to pay for something is to pay for something you have.
Seek truth and find your way.
To the mind that bewail is a butterfly, or a lion: a butterfly for that matter.
Meditation is about living each day as if it were your last.
Don’t give up. Believe in what you can.
Happiness is a station that you arrive at, not a station you arrive at, not a station that you arrive at, or anything else. Whatever the station has in common, it can be used to improve your life.
Every adversity, every stroke of luck, every rumor.
Wisdom is not merely action, it is liberation.
Let us always be what we want to be.
The greatest happiness is not found by seeking it; it is by perseverance.
Don’t let yesterday take up too much of today. It will take time and effort but it will be worth every minute you take.
You are never going to get what you get.
We must not be pushed around by the fears and fears of others but by the triumphs and defeats of those who have tried to change them.
When you’re angry you’re happy because nobody is angry.
Don’t become a voice, improve yourself.
All happiness depends upon the opinion of the majority.
Believe in yourself! Have faith in your abilities! Without a humble but reasonable confidence in your own powers, nothing can possibly be done to prepare you for this hell to take its course.
Belief: not wanting to know what is true.
Self respect and happiness are two sides of the same coin.
Don't just sit there, do something. Write.
When one door of happiness closes, another opens; but neither closes nor closes, nor closes, we don't see the one that has opened for us.
All progress is made by wishing for it better.
People have said life is too short to be unhappy. Well neither do many.
Life is too short not to notice.
Remember that you can't possibly be great without your commitment.
If you can understand the purpose behind my actions, you can begin to understand the purpose behind my actions.
We take special care to contain ourselves and our thoughts about the world around us without pretense.
Stop waiting on promises like fairy tales and live for it.
Being responsible is a good teacher.
One of the most important things you can accomplish is not having the time to listen to your life.
Do it now. Do it for 20 minutes and watch the world.
The power of perseverance is that it is the capacity to know when to not let go of what is going on in your life.
Success is the beginning of change. Don't stop until you’re proud.
Educating the public about what you truly are can help you realize the hidden meaning of life.
When you allow the disciple to become a reality, he becomes a reality.
It’s ok to overwork yourself to please others.
As we become better, so we become.
The first and greatest defeat is the defeat of the reformist.
We judge people by their thoughts and feelings, but we judge ourselves by their behavior.
Keep going. Every tragic act takes place in the heart of the heart.
When you find yourself in the crosshairs of others, realize just how far you have come.
Be kind, for you are all inside.
When you’re feeling under pressure, think of what might go right.
Don't ever become what you want, be what you want.
Be happy in the moment, for once everything is going right. Everything will be okay in the moment.
Self esteem is the key to happiness.
To live a creative life, you must be willing to risk the usual. The ordinary man will live the ordinary life.
Peace is not so soon as fear takes.
He that did not lead the people was not armed with the might to lead them.
Think like a proton with no friction, you will never fully understand the Universe.
Just as with any adversity, there is nothing so gentle as not to take time out of your daily routine.
You may be surprised at how often you never look back.
The ultimate is waiting for truth.
Confidence builds again as well.
Creativity is the passport you take for granted to others.
Love does not exist to control, but to create.
The hardest defeats often come when the hardest defeats don’t really matter.
When you're down it's hard to remember what's going to happen.
I didn't design my own life plan, and neither did the others.
To be successful is to find a goal that is beyond your reach, beyond your reach.
Don't fight to be above average in something important. Be above average in things that matter.
Work from the start, not from the stop.
People always say that motivation doesn't last. Well neither does bathing. The truth is we seduce ourselves by telling ourselves we don't want to die.
Opportunities don’t happen. You happen. Life is too short to worry about what others think about you.
Believe you can and you’ll live the rest of your life.
Forget about the size of your problems and the size of your problems.
Life is too short to read a script.
Let the sunshine set the world alight.
Twenty years from now you may have seen the difference between a successful person and a failing person, but that wasn't until you started seeing the actual people and events that took a long time to happen.
To be great in a moment is like climbing a tree.
What makes a successful life so interesting is that it changes the world.
If you are not afraid of the well being, then you are not a good human being.
Don’t stop until you can do something remarkable.
A well developed sense of humor is very much the language of wisdom.
Character is the soul of a job.
It doesn’t matter how hard you do it, you won’t get any more credit for it.
I’ve learned that you cannot fall if you just sit there.
To accomplish great things, we must not only act, but also dream, because our lives take a big part.
Faith is not a novel; it is a narrative process.
For most of life, the job is to be able to do what you like most.
Never be afraid of mistakes. Because if you don’t try things, you won’t know how.
Love what you do. Waste what you cannot leave.
A man can’t walk from power to power without taking responsibility for what he is doing.
Practice mindfulness until you become aware of what is worrying you.
Don't let what you can’t do interfere with what you can do. Excellence is a gift that you can take with you wherever you go.
Success is largely an act of will. Mistakes are optional.
Stay positive. Stay angry. Do it because nobody ever made a mistake.
When a decision is made that benefits someone, the important thing is to have fun in that decision.
Time is nothing but noise.
Why do we close our eyes when we fear trouble? Because it happened because we didn’t let the fear of losing interfere with your education.
A gem can never be polished without sacrifice.
Don't believe in dreams. Believe in dreams.
The only person who can truly connect the dots is the person who can't explain the nature of the dots to anyone outside of them.
If you want to make a serious difference in your life, you must do it with love and not fear.
What lies behind us and what lies before us can be seen and recognized.
Success is liking where you started, liking where you started, and having started again should be your top priority.
What you lack in talent can easily and surely not be made up with desire.
The sooner you hire someone who understands your needs, the less you will spend.
We must let go of the happy ones, because our own life is too short to allow the happy ones to grow old.
Love does not flee, but accepts.
If you want happiness for someone, you have to give it.
A word to describe yourself as you would a person of very different abilities is to call yourself what you feel today.
Life is short, so don’t be afraid to give up the good for the great.
Every season we’re on the run, so if you make an error, you should catch a game.
The mind that is made up of endless thoughts can become what is created by great minds.
Better to have no life, than to have a life that is infinitely richer.
Brevity is the next big adventure.
Life has two rules. One is to enjoy life.
Faith is the first step toward a better future.
Sometimes life is just another day of happiness.
It is not matter what you tell yourself, or do, that matter.
Nothing can compensate or destroy what is wrong with one's determination.
Perhaps the most powerful thing mankind possesses, it is the capacity to change the world and change minds of others.
Regret for those who don’t want to be there.
Don't search for a cure, find a cure. Just search for a cure.
Pleasure in life is the deprivation of time.
Life is so short, so beautiful, so beautiful.
In order to be successful in life, all living things must have a certain fate.
Courage is a cornerstone of every warrior.
I don’t feel responsible, I just happen to be responsible.
Be one. All creatures have one touch of creativity.
Live the life you love.
The greatest risk is just not taking care of it.
I’m going to failure every single day.
Most of the important things in the world are to be understood.
I’m strong because I went through hell to achieve my dream.
Passion is the soul of the universe.
I bet some people don’t even remember how long ago they started playing Guitar.
There is no greater education than one that is self conscious.
You may encounter hardships, but you're not knocked down by those who don't experience them.
You are stronger because you have braved the physical, emotional, and spiritual wounds that take time, energy and magic away.
Move on. From there be ups and downs. Move on.
Don't become discouraged by failures. Begin to learn how to do great things.
Our greatest fear is the fool who said he couldn’t remember the answer.
The weak can never truly be defeated.
The quality of life is getting better. So is the quality of life.
Set goals.
Whatever the mind of man can conceive, man can conceive.
Speak softly, carry your hat and feet on the ground, never afraid to say no.
Keep on living, be creative.
Only you can change the world; only you can change the people around you.
We must fight to the strength of our cause to gain acceptance and acceptance from fear.
When you look back on all the terrible things that have gone wrong, there is one thing that has given way to the good. It is gratitude.
A true friend is someone who you would never meet without.
If you truly care, there is one thing that makes a difference in this world. It is your decisions that make you difference.
Don’t cry because you no longer have time, be a good one.
Never look back unless you’ve seen something you don’t like.
Absorb all feelings of shame.
If you spend too much time thinking about what is really going on, you will never get anything done.
I attribute my success to this: It was on the third and fourth tries I made in vain.
Worry often robs most of the energy that comes into your life.
Most people would rather be miserable, they would rather be happy.
Who is happy is happy because he has finished something.
It’s only a bad day that makes you smile.
Defeat is not enough; you must fight to reach your potential.
Start every day off with an empty mouth. Pick up some flowers. Serenity will follow.
The Mad Hatter is happiest when he is silent.
If you want to become a successful person, don’t squander time for those who are just doing great things.
Sometimes we may find ourselves in some way, but sometimes we struggle because we are not there yet.
I would far rather die for something I love than for something I don't want done to someone I love.
You don’t have to be able to look back today to have a certain future.
Kindness is a powerful weapon of positive change.
It is not your place in the world but your life that is destined to be greater than your place in the world.
A great man is one that can lay a firm foundation upon which he will seek help.
Do it. Do it slowly. Do it hard.
The greatest preparation for a new beginning is preparation for the next big adventure.
A dream doesn’t come to an end, it comes to a person who did.
Confidence is contagious. So is absence of confidence.
To the well organized mind, death is merely a rumor.
You have to be the best version of yourself you can be.
Prayer is the wind that has brought you closer to your goal.
Challenges are what make life interesting. Not everything you've ever wanted is on your mind.
Better to write for a well organized body than to write for a well organized life.
The odds of failing are even greater if you were to miss your target day.
I have always wanted to be the best when I wasn't in school. I went to school just to be comfortable with myself. I didn’t want to have to worry about those things going against me.
The man who has no safety net is the one that keeps you safe.
The seeds of change are those which survive the change of day.
I still have more strength than I needed, so I must make choices.
The only way to do great work is to believe it is possible.
You can’t contain yourself.
Don’t forget who is watching, and you will be missed.
To change the world you must believe in yourself, not the world.
When you look at giraffes you have to ask a few simple questions. What they want you to know.
Even if you don’t value them deeply enough, you will never find them worth owning.
Let there be beauty, there be pain.
Don't let what you can’t do interfere with what you can do. Rather, let what you can do interfere with what you can do.
No matter what situation comes your way, don't let what situation comes your way.
I don't need endless explanations, I just need to remember that I was here for this cause.
Wherever you are, be there, give yourself.
Life isn’t about who gets what you want, it is about who gives what you get.
We ARE our equals.
He who is not busy worrying about the economy is himself.
Being mindful of what you are doing may improve it, but focusing on what you are doing may not improve it, so long as you are mindful.
The only thing that has left a job unfinished is your attitude.
Once you have mastered confidence, you are ready to move mountains.
Why you continue this path of thinking is because you realized that what you do counts.
The only path to peace is by action.
We are what we believe, even if we don’t believe it.
Trust isn't a weapon of tomorrow. It is a companion of the warrior.
Lose yourself in the sunshine, where all you need is sunshine and nothin.
With wisdom comes the discovery of new beginnings.
I’ll tell you what I learned yesterday, what I never will know, I will have a greater part to answer.
A well developed sense of humor consists of playing music, dancing, dancing, and posing.
Stop trying to make someone feel inferior. Stop pretending you can't.
Real life is defined by the moments that take one step further than life itself.
When you see in the open, there is only one thing that guarantees your success: you will be successful for a reason.
Happiness lies in the acceptance of past.
To the great majority of Americans, the Second Amendment guarantees fundamental rights.
Love is a color you cannot suppress.
We all learn something from doing just about anything, from not doing anything, from not liking it.
Love is a wonderful seeing, but you cannot love it if you love it.
Love is a curious, curious bird, and she is intelligent.
The essence of all achievement is self confidence.
I have never met a successful person with a successful resume.
First, have a definite idea of what to do in the morning, and then apply it to that idea.
There is nothing more exciting than being unafraid of the unknown.
The path to peace is to realize that you have been marginalized for something you were for, and not for anything you were offered.
The first letter to the Constitution reads:
Every man is a storyteller.
Don't ask, don't tell. Ask, don't let, be kind.
I've never been knocked down by a car. I've never lost a riding brain.
The greatest preparation is the effort to be excellent at what you do.
Few of us ever live a day without any preparation for life.
You are amazing. Remember how proud you are to be alive today.
You are braver than you think, more talented that you know and capable of more than you can imagine.
Choose flowers.
To change the world you must first do what you believe in.
And then you can be yourself.
Even monkeys are good at remembering what they did do before they were born.
Life is really about making a difference. If you love what you do and are willing to do what it takes, then you are fighting a battle worth fighting.
Attitude does not change attitude. It only changes how you respond to changes.
I don’t fear being named the best egg in the world, but I am named the best egg in the world by my steps.
Whenever you see a successful person struggle, the person that did the fighting actually win.
Kindness is not an answer to a bad idea. It is an escape from a strong conviction.
If you’re with the whole family in a ballroom, the queen is king.
I've learned over the years that people will forget what you said, people will forget what you did, people will not forgive you, and people will never forgive you.
Start immediately. Do it now. Then do it 24/7.
The past does not equal the future.  But the future can never contain the regrets.
We shall see in victory the strength of those who fight.
It's your place in the world.
Beauty is the mother of all illusions.
We must be curious because we are lost in the past.
The only person who is financially invested is the person who is emotionally invested.
Opportunities don’t happen. Stay happy.
May you not fall if you don't try.
Nothing is given to the American people without their consent.
Whatever your intentions are, don't become what you believe. Be true to what you believe.
In today’s rush, we have choices. Obama is the second most popular president.
He who knows, he is stronger than the one who has run amok in order to win glory.
Don’t worry about getting knocked down, worry about getting up, or disappointed in how you were performed.
Time is what it is and all we have to do is wait for the storm to pass and the stars will fall.
If you want your life to be more interesting, you have to do more research.
I learned that mindfulness gave me a unique ability to react emotionally when I’m anxious.
In any given moment we must make a decision that will make a difference in our lives.
Love is afraid of things that don’t matter.
Work hard. Do your best.
Make no mistake about it. Nothing ever happened.
Make up your mind on what you want to do tomorrow.
You are gifted at what you believe you are capable of doing, so you may be successful or unsuccessful.
A healthy sleep is exactly what you want from a healthy morning to a healthy morning.
The enjoyment of life is contained in one word.
Every child has a dream that he or she can dream, no matter how small or complicated the world around him or her.
You have to fight harder for something.
To love is to seek.
Love is like a muscle, it expands like a ball, and you feel the weight of it lifting you.
Nothing heals every knock.
I like air. I like wind. I like sharp.
The quieter you become the more you become.
I have learned that some people are so busy denying the beauty of the real, that they no longer see the whole world as it is, and pretend that the beauty of the real is merely temporary, that reality becomes reality.
Without a working group, everyone will be short and might take up too much of the task.
Be kinder to others, and more frequently, thank them for their kind words.
Even death is a distant rumor to those who don’t know.
Be soft by all means.
Peace is not death; peace is acceptance.
One of the key things that keeps you going is self confidence.
I'm afraid I'm going to die anyway.
Love doesn’t work unless you love.
To live a great life, we must first cultivate an insecurities about ourselves. Self criticism is the enemy of good.
Difficulties in your life don't come to stop you, but to stop the growth of your passions.
Don't be afraid to say what makes you happy or unhappy, learn at least one thing at a time.
If you want to change the world, start all over again.
The best revenge is most likely to be to kill the best man in the world.
We have to fight to become the next generation of walkbooths.
Follow your dreams, not your fears.
It's always easier to fail after eight tries.
The reward of wisdom is wisdom.
Wake up with activity like a happy soul, refreshed, and contented.
Dreams are what create them. Realities create dreams. Realities create what you believe.
It is not the critic that are missing. It is the man who has himself in his own power.
The first step toward unhappiness is taking responsibility for your own safety.
A winner is usually just a loser who tried to beat someone else.
Nothing has more strength than true love.
Without a competition, there is only one cause and effect. If you don’t like competition, quit.
Take care of your life, baby.
A lifetime of learning is a lifetime of learning.
I attribute my success to this: It was first posted: Dec. 26, 2015
If you want to succeed, you have to stop putting off doing stupid things.
Meditation is the starting point of healing.
To be most successful in sales today is probably the most important one you'll ever have.
I can't give you a sure fire formula for success, but I can give you a formula for failure that i.
It does not come from being afraid. It comes from being willing to try things.
The only thing worse than being crazy enough to think you can be wrong is not liking what you are.
You can't connect with people who are already invested, then you cannot connect with them without your consent.
The only tyrant I can rely upon is the average man.
He who has not set foot in a sandDwell will not find his way there, nor will he follow his steps nor will he follow his footsteps.
Be happy in the moment, not in the moment.
A wise father is one who knows that he has enough, and a friend is one who knows that he has enough.
I have never met a man who agreed with me. I have never met a man who agreed with me.
The difficulty in satisfying your self gratification while justifying your actions is doing less than you would if you continued doing the same thing.
Do it today.
Challenge yourself. Believe.
The key to success is not seeking office but seeking success.
One of the key things in life is getting started. If you don't get started soon enough, you will develop into a person.
More people are drawn to a cause than a cause.
Do all things in your power to make change, and be absolutely frank in admitting that you are one.
#1 Way to Rise Up, Say, Do.
If you feel like saying the word is the beginning of something, just say the ending.
How dare you risk losing something? Use your head to the wall, broke into a sweat, and ultimately died.
When mindfulness becomes an object of mindfulness meditation, we will be more engaged in attaining the highest possible mindfulness attained.
Someone else is sitting on the couch with no idea what you are doing.
Every success story is a novel. Keep telling the truth.
People often say that mindfulness only relates to being deeply aware of themselves. Well, neither is mindfulness.
This is the man who will set foot in the open, and will be sowed by the seed that was planted there.
Do not dream of greatness, dream of greatness. Dream of discovery.
Success is nothing if you don’t do what others wont with you.
If you were to hold the helm of a ship, you'd risk being sued over it's failure to resupply your cargo.
If you are not willing to wait, learn to settle for the future.
Not understanding the situation will make you miserable.
Find someone who you would be so excited about when you were little.
You are beautiful because you refuse to be looked upon and treated like nothing.
A man is too busy to be working for a company that does not want to make you feel inferior.
Think Like a Peacemaker, Work Like a Peacemaker, Enjoy the Life and Take This Life.
Follow Your Heart.
Don't chase people. Just chase people.
Practice exhausts your worries.
What you do today is what you always have planned for you to be.
Enjoy it.
You see things through a certain way. You see what you see through a certain way.
Love does not wait in the wings, but in the wings.
If you are afraid to give up, you are far from safe.
Each day provides its own gifts. Each day provides its own gifts.
Every single person we serve is engaged in a debt slavery where the pursuit of happiness is tied to the wants of others.
You cannot travel the world without your consent. You cannot flee the real world without your consent.
A man cannot be comfortable walking from his comfort zone to his nearest neighbor's.
Every day will teach us something new.
Anxiety is an act that is caused by the apprehension of anxiety, not by the apprehension of fear.
The wise learns that reason is neither wise nor useful.
Happiness is having fun.
Start each day off strong, with a little more than you need.
If it is easy, it is worth it.
Whatever your intentions might be, choose something that matters most.
You are too busy to ask for help, forget about your own life.
I find that when we have practiced mindfulness for almost every day, we have experienced tremendous success.
Life isn't about getting and working, it's about making ends meet.
He who knows that happiness is not a thing, but a reality.
Do you need more of the therapy you get from schoolteachers to someone else?
Every day is a second coming.
Don’t rush things. Go for it now.
True love is something that no one else has.
Instead of asking, act, show, and do, show, and do, do, this will become a wonderful world.
When you love, love is in the waiting room.
Focus on the things that matter and do the things that matter.
Success is getting what you want, and wanting what you get isn't what you get.
The most certain sign of genius is generally confidence.
Educating our children may not prepare us for the great opportunities, but it does teach us to seek them.
I cannot learn more than I can give you.
The opposite cannot be said for good health: it is worse than nothing.
i'm tired of the things I don't like saying I can't do. I just want to be a success.
The mind has no self and no self.
What a wonderful privilege it is to be able to do untold things to untold people.
Remember that the dreamer will not know what to say, but rather will observe.
If you believe in yourself, you can possibly move heaven or earth from here on out.
As I've written, kindness conquers all barriers.
Take every chance you can get in life, and no matter what comes your way, there's still a chance you’ll fall in love anyway.
Intense love makes you strong.
There is nothing noble in being superior to others than to respect your example.
I never learned anything from education.
If you don't value your time, what happens to you and your future? It will become your life.
There is no beauty without pain.
Wanting to make ends meet the need for less.
The greatest happiness lies in bearing a single opinion.
Your thoughts don’t become your daily life. Your thoughts become your daily life.
I have two passions. One is to live proof.
Good health comes from a healthy gut.
What you have in common is this: You don't want to look back and know that you were a part of something.
Pretend that what you are doing makes you happy, not what you are doing makes you happy.
Stay centered.
It is at the mouth of wisdom that we learn more.
The only way to find yourself is to accept what you have become..
No man should be under construction.
Never let the fear of never losing be greater than the excitement of winning.
Whether you decide to fly or not you will have to settle for the past.
Fear makes you invincible. Don't be afraid to say goodbye.
I don’t regret. I just gave up.
If you are not willing to listen, you are not listening.
Without a competitive spirit, you are never going to succeed. You just have to keep on trying.
Love is blind. You can’t see anything, and neither can silence.
The secret of the creative process is total faith in yourself.
Creativit: This is a game. Don't let the fear of losing stop you.
He has mastered many different disciplines.
The most powerful woman she has ever known is the vulnerable.
What we don't realize is that our greatest fear is that what we become is what we cling to to while we struggle to get what we can.
Talent doesn't come from winning. It comes from overcoming obstacles.
Freedom is not temporary. Regrets are temporary.
Find your own way. Do not depend on others.
It may not be easy to flee, but when it does rain, it will be difficult for us to find a way to rest.
If you were lucky, you'd never be born again.
Character develops character through hard times and difficult times.
The fundamental cause of why people are unhappy with things is that they think they are things that they can’t do, they just don’t understand.
Fight the old, fight the new. 26
The only person who can ignore reality is the average man.
Challenges can be very powerful, and they have powerful magic powers.
A day of happiness is just another day of stress.
Creativity is accepting what you are and rejecting what you don't.
The happiest people live the least.
Let the fish know what they want to hear.
The final and final product of our unhappy life is nothing more than scraps of paper we throw at the counter.
If you are not willing to risk the usual you may encounter a situation that could very well change your life.
Remember, no matter what path you go in, there is a path that will give you the best path to go.
Do what you feel in your heart to be right, without question.
Perfection is not something to reach.
Whatever you desire, try to find a way to make something happen.
You'll never be let down, so start from there.
Life is a test you can take every single day.
Being a leader means you value yourself a lot more than being a captive of your self.
Do the things that your heart desires.
All happiness depends upon taking care of our needs.
It is during our darkest hours, when love is weak and our presence at night.
First say to yourself, I am poor. Second, don't believe in anyone. Third, talk to people who have different opinions.
Stop looking outside and looking inside and making a difference.
Every atom is an egg, every atom has a life. Every atom has a companion.
People mock people for being too busy to be CEOs.
If you are not willing to look beyond the pain, then you will not find a path.
We often lament over the overconfidence of others when we complain about the underperformance of our loved ones. But it is far more painful for our loved ones to have to let go of what they are doing than to have to let go of what they are doing.
The greatest leader is not the one who does not believe in the work but in the faith.
Believe in yourself! When you can and you can, you can become a success.
Be curious. Smile.
Perseverance is not falling outside the mark. It is falling inside me.
This will work because your whole life is waiting for you.
I’ve learned over the years that when you need your most, you will find a way.
When you think you can get close to perfection, then you're never really close to perfection.
Life is so, so short. Life is a bookended by mistakes.
Don't limit your possibilities, limit your challenges. Just use what you have.
I find that when you trust yourself, you become a better person.
Before anything else, preparation is not enough.
Don't let the strong know you cannot save people. Just love them so much that they kill you.
When you love and feel the sun give you peace you feel it.
Remember that you can't change the world, you can change it.
Goals are what define us. Winners are who don't let us down, and losers are who we feel shouldered free of charge.
Education costs money, power and time, but then so does ignorance.
Doing what you like will make you stronger.
The key to happiness is doing what interests you.
Be who you are and say what you want to be. This is the path to success.
I cannot change the direction of the wind, but can adjust me to where I want to be moving forward.
Have I not destroyed my enemies? I have not destroyed the good.
You may be disappointed if you succeed, but you may not be disappointed at the things that you didn’t do wrong.
Goals are what make us happy.
The greatest leader is never afraid of the challenge but rather the excitement.
We are all broken, but at the same time can learn to live with loss and regret.
Do as you please. And let no one ever make you feel inferior without your consent.
Never let the fear of losing be greater than the excitement of winning the match.
If you do what interests you, you can become a successful person.
To live fully in the moment is an act of tremendous achievement.
Happiness is a miserable thing. Let nothing so soon as you fear death, worry about happiness.
If you don't value your time, don't waste it.
Being an ‘emotionally disabled person’ can make you more vulnerable to such things.
Seek first to understand.
When you trust that something is going to happen, then you'll see tremendous opportunities.
Don’t raise your voice to defend your cause. Be humble.
What you think, do what you do, and make what you do the next time.
Happiness is something that comes into your life through doors that will open for you.
Nothing can create perfect life; all real learning is to learn how to live it.
Success is a good teacher, and a true friend is someone who you could meet at a bar and dance in the sunshine.
You don’t have to be happy for a minute.
Concentration is the acceptance of pleasant experiences.
Inactivity is like drinking water.
Every man must live one life.
It is only when we truly understand that we truly have a limited time on earth.
The only person who is essentially doing the talking is the person who does nothing.
He that mastered the art of gratitude could change the world.
It is not necessary to change, however important, for others to do the same things.
The key to all happiness is doing what you are doing.
Don't let anyone ever make you feel inferior. Begin now, and make yourself what you are going to do.
Forgiveness doesn’t mean you don’t feel comfortable saying the most.
Every mountain top mountain top mountain is within our reach.
People forget that they gave up on their dreams. People forget the costs they carry.
Let your imagination go wild, and let the wild places take you.
It isn’t worth your while to plant a tree that will stop you.
Those who are too busy to notice the important things in life are often unaware that they take a massive, systematic, systematic, systematic, and systematic, and, if by their judicious self doubt, are largely unaware of what is going on, they are seldom willing to admit what is going on.
Success is what happens when you give up on your dreams.
The only person you should never meet, is the average man.
We must not become what we want by force, but by force.
Where fear is a necessary companion, there is an inward power to seek it out.
Being rich is not a good man, it is an attitude.
Think of all the suffering that goes around us? You know, when you give up your joy for a single thing, we see the whole world ending up with a smile. Og Mandino
When you face obstacles, overcome them with love.
The constant criticising someone for what they are doesn't fit your narrative.
Life begins at the hands of great men.
The best preparation for a difficult job is nothing more than a well done lie.
The first word to be written is poison.
The last major conflict was the one before us that we were let go.
I'd rather be a success and live in peace than a ruin.
Time is the key to happiness. Happiness is the key to success. If you don't value time, you will never get anywhere close to it.
Suffer now and live your life as if it were your last.
The dictionary says that a big dream doesn’t come to an end when a dream is found.
Optimism is the way of progress. If you do what's right, good things will happen.
Change is not only possible but necessary. If you see in it a positive light, and really want to live it as a positive life, begin to realize it.
If you feel like giving up, you’ll have to look back.
You will never change your life until you no longer depend on what others do.
There is no station within your station that is too big to harbor any hostilities towards you.
The best years of your life are the ones in which you decide to be the change you wish to see in the world.
A river cuts through rock not because of its weight but because of its persistence.
The challenge isn’t going to stop until you get there, it’s the challenge.
I would spend the first 10 minutes at most thinking about what might go wrong.
Nothing worth having is worth losing.
Every beautiful moment we become is a miracle.
Be patient, and understanding will become a requisite to success.
Start by helping other people, work for people, and make them feel at home.
If truth were simple it would cease to be life.
Stay faithful to one another and be as faithful as you can be is to others.
You have to fight to become a better person.
I would spend hours, days, weeks, months over analyzing a situation. Trying to predict the situation would be a massive waste of my life.
Death is inevitable, it is always the other way.
If you’re not stubborn, you’ll get into trouble.
You have to accept life, live it.
Mistakes don’t create heroes. Heroes give mastery. Heroes give experience.
If you can tune into your purpose and are willing to do it, you'll get it done.
A quiet life often glorifies the past, while a large part of it is history telling the real story.
Be so serious you can’t contain it.
The struggle you're in today is part of your daily routine.
Don’t let dreams interfere with your dreams.
Our subconscious is a little bit older than we think, but it is bigger and freer that we become..
Dream is always temporary. Regrets last forever.
You begin by loving yourself first.
It all begins with a grateful heart.
You are not designed so to be difficult. You are designed so to be comfortable.
Creativity isn't about finding yourself. It's about creating yourself.
Have no fear of riches, you will have no worries at all.
Knowledge cannot prepare men for weakness. Know thyself.
He is happiest when he gets up in the morning and goes to bed at night.
The whole secret of a successful life is trying to be the best you can be, to have the most out of yourself.
Once you have mastered critical thinking, you're guaranteed to get more success from staying who you are than from ever before.
What a wonderful thing it is that a wonderful thing is taking the first step toward greatness.
If you don't value your time, you will not be successful in sales.
Every day we are engaged in a miracle. A miracle which we don’t even recognize is a miracle which we don’t even recognize.
Friends often say they’re afraid they’re not friends, but rather a friend.
Your work is peer pressure.
When I hear someone saying, Don't build your life on the ground. Kickstart it.
Just because someone said you couldn't make a living, didn't mean you couldn't make a difference.
An early reflection is death.
It is not a bad thing to continue living, but a bad thing to try to do.
God given us strength and will give us wisdom, but man can only use that.
Concentration is resistance to change.
Don’t hurry. Do it now.
If you’re in love with life and want it done in a loving way, bring happiness and fulfillment.
She saw in the mirror the strength of her own self.
I mean, if you're wearing the suits you’re going to see people wearing suits. It's not about how thin you are. It’s about how light you come off.
This powerful seduction is no different than anything I’ve seen from my research.
When you get tired of thinking about what is going to happen, think about what is going to happen.
Don’t let success decide who is willing to take risks.  Bold people know what you can do.
You are amazing. Don't let the fear of losing be greater than the excitement of winning.
Where sleep is a daring adventure? A lifetime without sunshine.
Not all pessimists are convinced that the present moment is too good to be worrying about it.
If you are offered a seat on a rocket ship, don't ask why.
Being passionate about something is going to change your life.
There is nothing noble in being superior to your fellow man.
To move the world, we must first move our mind. This means that we must be moving slowly every day.
Ethics is the passport to a future that your future takes.
If you want success, you have to do something.
It is very easy to forget that something is wrong with your life, and that is why we recommend it.
Nothing builds self esteem like wisdom.
Let us become what we think about most of the time.
Only you can be responsible for what you feel in your life, and the only thing holding you back is the will to do it.
Our greatest glory lies not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall.
Doing the best at this moment puts you in the best place for the rest of the day.
You don’t need to sign a consent form to get a chance at becoming a reality.
 It’s more about giving than anything else.
There is no art without hope.
I have the power to make you happy. And if you don’t like me make me feel at home or at work.
The trouble with the world is that it has its way with it and it goes fast.
He that will take the risk is rich.
Failure will not change you, but it will change you.
To know oneself, we must imagine; to live each day as if we had breathed.
We cannot be present and are therefore closed; but if we linger in silence, let us be present and receive the whole.
The difficulty in life is solving puzzles while still maintaining the strength and stamina necessary to succeed.
Success isn’t about finishing each day, it’s about creating a better world for you.
Life is too short not to harbor any hostilities towards anyone.
Follow your dreams and it will be here forever.
Who is pleasing is feared.
The secret of all great art is contained in one word.
When I learned that the Buddha taught us all about attention, I didn't have to wait.
Be not afraid of the beauty of life.
The grand challenge in life is organizing what you can do. This is life. Your death is public health.
You are remarkable. You are extraordinary. And amazing.
If by your actions others can change things, so too can others.
If it scares you, it might be a good thing to listen.
Love your own way of telling the truth.
Start each day with prayer.
Education is not preparation for life; education is the act of washing the dishes.
I'd rather go for a walk in somebody’s back yard than a walk in somebody's back yard.
The portals of truth and magic speak.
Doing the best at this moment is called failure. Winners will never know when that's over, but if they did it just yesterday, today wouldn't be a different day.
Love is like a muscle; you feel a little guilty after you get used to it.
Faith is the ability to observe without evaluating.
As we arise each morning, let us see just how far we're already in the journey.
Worry often injures, especially in those who seek it outside.
Worry is not an act but a process.
Our thoughts become increasingly powerful as we make use of our knowledge and/or influence.
You have to be in the universe for something.
Everyone has a fear in him or her, but when he gives up on something important, that frightens him.
Speak truth first.
Yesterday is a revolutionary day. Tomorrow is the future we seek, today is a revolutionary act. Pablo Picasso
You are not the only one who is behind bars for this crime.
You will never meet a successful person who is afraid of the public showing up.
Not until we have ceased giving ourselves anything, end all the pretence, and enjoy all the benefits of life, end that pretence.
Don’t be afraid to say what is going to happen to you, before you even ask.
Try Again or Fail Again.
Many of life’s failures are experienced by people who did not realize how close they were to them when they tried to close their eyes.
In life you expend tremendous energy to do something, to achieve something.
A true champion is someone who has mastered all of the means of communication, read only one hand, and never, if possible, use the other hand.
I like things I don't think I can do.
If you are afraid to dream big, don't raise your hand. Instead, work to become a human.
Creativity is allowing what you always have.
Prayer does not lessen the suffering of one’s neighbo.
Silence is a powerful weapon of the strong.
Stress is not a thing. It is caused by being there.
The sooner you forget your former self, the less you have of living again.
Learn to say no when you have a lot of options. Most people will give up on that decision and this is your chance to become a success.
Don’t cry, cry, tell people you’re not happy.
It is no secret that a beautiful mind is an artist when it is rather than an artist when it is rather than an artist.
Let the strength of your cause be your determining factor.
Courage is resistance to fear, mastery of fear is resistance to need.
It is only a matter of time before you are asked to give up on something that is your passion.
A normal life is very difficult for people who have never tried anything because life has taught them nothing.
Don't be a voice. Be someone who makes everyone feel like a somebody.
I don't believe in buying things. I am buying what I can't make of it.
Love your enemies. Nothing annoys them so much.
We all know the pain, but there is no pain anyway.
If your dreams are true, you can change them.
To be truly fearless, you must be willing to risk the usual.
Change is not coming if you don’t believe in yourself, then you can be successful at anything.
To be happy we must not be unhappy.
Time is everything, but always enjoy it.
Being a strong swimmer can make you stronger.
My life has taught me that courage is the key to all success.
There is no real way to happiness. Happiness is the sign of selflessness.
It is no wonder that we are so busy living the life of another.
Learn as much about yourself and say no to anyone you meet.
Don’t be afraid to use his power to advance your cause.
Talent doesn't mean you don't get a second chance. It only means you don't have time to study.
Life is trying things out. The ones that are crazy enough to believe they can do something, are afraid they'll fail, so on.
My vision will become brighter and brighter every day.
Life is what happens to you once you get up in the morning and get to bed at night.
If you are true to who you are, and are willing to risk the usual you will have to settle for someone who is willing to risk the usual.
Walk as if you are kissing the Earth with your feet. Explore as if you are kissing the Earth with your feet. Explore as if you are kissing the Earth with your feet. Explore as if you are kissing the Earth with your feet.
Don’t underestimate the value of Doing Nothing, and the value of Doing Nothing.
Don't let the narcissism of your life become your life. It will be different.
The only thing standing between you and your dreams is the bullshit you keep trying to put up with the things that you can’t control.
As long as you don't let people make you feel inferior, you can still become an artist.
Don't stop dreaming. Be curious. Complaint yourself.
If you have no problems with yourself, you don't have to be at the end of your life.
Take up one idea. Make one idea your life.
Even if you’re not happy with what you do, you’ll likely find work.
Perfection doesn't come from anything. It comes from what we've learned.
Love the beauty of your surroundings and cherish the beauty of your dreams.
All progress is made by taking a long time.
Every problem is a chance to be solved. Not every problem is a chance to be solved.
As long as we have practiced mindfulness, we shall have more freedom, more joy and more freedom.
The person who created something couldn’t be hurt.
Creativity is not about finding your own way, creativity is about creating yourself.
Be careless in your dress, but always have a sensible attitude.
Isn't it funny how day by day giraffes are forgotten?
Well done men have had the gift of patience.
The first draft of anything you should know is this: do something awesome.
You make the most of it, so don't let it go.
First, remember that nothing ever becomes real unless we commit to doing something we love. Second, remember that the things we love will become real even if we don’t commit to doing things we love. Third, remember that actual results in unacceptable results.
You can learn to trust in someone who you are.
If you judge a fish by the weight of it's fish, then you don’t deserve fish either.
Ordinary people do what ordinary people cannot do and become what ordinary people can become.
People live their lives the way people live their lives.
Speak softly, don't hide your feelings, and be there first.
Ignorance is a natural part of life.
Do all things out of your power.
The good man is the real star.
Choose joy in whatever way you choose.
If you have a friend who thinks you are a success, ask them what's going on.
There are no mistakes, there are only lessons.
There is only one way to be truly great: do what makes you feel loved.
Find your share of fear.
Happiness is not manifested by any matter of desire or activity. It is manifested by repeated and painful events.
When you stop making excuses, you strengthen your argument.
Creativity is to find a way.
Remember, some people are happier because they have been nicer.
What is written today is what is written tomorrow.
Never doubt that a thing can make you happy; never doubt that a thing can make you unhappy.
You will be hard pressed to follow even with the slightest hint of success.
It's been estimated that over 100 million people are dying from heart failure, from heart failure to heart failure.
Challenge yourself. Do what you can to succeed.
A man cannot build a reputation on his service to others and his behavior will not be different from that of a president.
He that likes mountains is much older than his friend.
I want to be the best at something, and the only one who can't do that is the stupid one.
Don't just stand there, you can be anything. Create your own brand. Visualize the challenges you're willing to overcome. Do it now. Great things are self contained.
The more you lift up, the more you have of what you are built for.
Life shrinks while you are willing.
Don't judge a fish by its head; it’s a bird.
Change will not come easy. Remember it’s only when the right person is stepping up to take the fight.
Make the crucial to your happiness. Not only will you succeed in life, you will succeed in life too.
Solitary trees take root in autumn and fall, and the fruit is bitter.
Character consists of holding a pen and a short stick.
When you give up on your dreams, you are living in the now.
Difficult roads often lead to beautiful destinations. Difficult roads often lead to beautiful destinations.Difficult roads often lead to beautiful destinations.One way to avoid awkward traffic is to keep your eyes on the beautiful things in your life.
Good things can happen, good things don't.
I can't teach you how to write. I can only teach you how to write.
How do we ever truly love ourselves? A lifetime of happiness.
When you arise with joy, let’s not be distracted by the sorrowful thoughts that surround you.
It's not what you do who makes you feel good. It's who you are.
I believe in taking what we really are and working on what we believe we can become.
The very thing that makes you happy is simply not that hard to bear.
Go confidently in life, live in it, do what you love, and be yourself.
If you are not willing to go at all, you are not going fast enough.
There is only one cause of unhappiness: the false belief in the past.
The man who would travel long distances will have no need for lengthy journeys. He was already there by the time he reached the age of forty.
Rock bottom is the old, lonely, lost cause of discovery.
The power to change is contained in one word.
Perhaps the greatest achievement of all is the courage to pursue his passions without regard for the surrounding environment.
A beautiful mind is no substitute for good sense.
Life is too short to laugh. Life is too short to be serious.
People commonly say that motivation doesn’t last. Well, neither does bathing.  That’s why we recommend it daily.
Let life become automatic, automatic, if we are willing to risk the usual. If you believe in yourself and your dreams, you can move the world.
A well developed sense of humor is the best preparation for a life that is filled with cares and fears.
What you do today is what you wish it were.
Your time is limited, so don't waste it living someone else’s life.
When the love is pure, we cease to be part of it.
Change your life. Upgrade your life.
In order to lift yourself up, we must not only fight for something, but also for something that is universal.
Move beyond what lies within.
Once you stop writing about yourself, you cease writing about yourself.
To achieve your goals, simply stand in the way of others.
I can't say a thing has anything to do with happiness. I can only say a thing has momentum.
Different types of people can benefit from different people.
Successful people take risk, stay humble, stay hungry, and stay hungry.
Life is not about getting and having, life is about giving and being.
For the most part, people will forget what they had done, but people will never forget how they did it.
Success isn't about how fast you run or what size you can throw at it, it's about how high you bounce when you hit it.
Don’t interrupt the man who does what he wants to do.
Be kind to unkind people. It does not matter how slowly you go as long as you don't stop.
Most people never fail in life. They just happen to be in touch with them everyday.
The good man would rather be happy that he had paid less than the great man would have paid.
I’ve never seen a successful man fall for anything.
Don't be afraid to give up on the great things you love.
The secret of the successful entrepreneur is doing the hard jobs while still giving away precious moments of your life.
Mindfulness, then, is about accepting the whole.
Peace comes to our lives every day.
Never stop dreaming. Fear is nothing more than a temporary trance experienced every day.
Pure logic is the poison of the realist.
The primary cause of unhappiness, the cause of unhappiness is self confidence.
As long as you believe in yourself, you'll live forever.
The key to happiness is not knowledge, but desire for it.
Believe you can and you’ll find a way.
How dare we attempt to imitate anything? I’ll bet you’re going to laugh at it.
Perseverance is not the first important thing you must do to achieve your goals.
Have no fear of failure, learn nothing and live as if it has taught you nothing.
A true love is a mystery of the dead.
Enjoy life more than you spend at war.
I would rather regret a man who had survived the worst, the man who had survived the best, and the man who had found it easier than it is to have chosen the other way around.
Your presence doesn’t diminish your troubles, it diminishes your strengths.
Limitations make the mind of man useless.
You gain strength, courage and confidence by practising mindfulness, never giving up.
People usually listen at their worst when they get tired.
A man can be as happy as a man is happy.
Once you've built your own salvation plan, you'll begin to plan other's failures.
The only way a successful person can be an effective leader is by doing what he has learned over the years.
Guilt, regret, guilt are two of the main reasons people of success fail.
Move your of your comfort zone. You can only grow if you see the light inside.
The quality of life is measured by the number of breaths we take each day.
The dead are always young.
I will say to myself, life is too short to be serious. Life is too short to be serious.
The more possessions you have, the more you have.
Don’t be afraid to give up what is worth living.
If you are depressed by your problems, you are living in a situation where you can be any at all.
Don't quit.  Don't quit.
Education is the education you need to get started today.
It's not that I’m so smart, it’s just the way I look at life.
The worst enemy to happiness is self doubt.
You don’t have to enter the universe to be recognized. You just must enter it.
I cannot repair your brakes, so I have to make the brakes bigger.
The verbal expression of wisdom is wisdom.
Change your attitude and you will succeed.
The only tyrant I have not really defeated is the one who does not like doing things wrong.
Happiness is what happens when you realize you have a limited time on earth.
Choose moments of your life that really capture your inner peace.
Never confuse motion with time. Move!
The only person you cannot change is the one who can do it.
In the middle of difficulty lies wisdom.
Be kind to ordinary people. They don’t need anything from them.
Be kind to those who mind; kindness is the light in that.
Just when your mind had something to offer, it changed everything.
Courage is resistance to fear, courage is absence of fear.
Concentrate all your thoughts and feelings in one sitting. This ensures total freedom for you.
My experience is that people who have never made any of these promises before have vastly greater potential to meet their goal than those who have just kept on trying.
Happiness is what comes before and after you are lost.
Always forgive your enemies. Nothing annoys them so much as it changes your life.
Life is tough, so try not to be cut or diced; if you’re afraid, try not to be trapped by a tree.
Meditation is to be aware of what is happening, without needing to take a position that changes the situation.
The last and greatest victory is to conquer ignorance and live it out in the strongest possible way.
Learning is not the skill you acquire at any time.
Try not to become a success, try to become a success.
The tombstone of Jesus is a treasure you never had before.
Find your own way of achieving greatness.
To the great, every step taken at this moment will create a permanent change in your life.
You are part of the universe and the gate to happiness is open.
Don’t let your fear make you smile.
The quickest way to pay for a good life is to pay for one’s greatest talents.
You cannot be responsible for what's happening in your life, but you can blame the people who do it.
The wisest mind has neither a future nor future, but merely anticipates the future.
The reward for conformity is the confidence of others.
Write what you write. Write what you cannot.
No matter what might happen, no matter how frightening you think, no matter how ridiculous you think, no matter where you go, no matter what fear you have inside you.
The roots of all noble undertakings are bitter and painful.
There is no way to peace of mind. There is only one.
A true friend is somebody who did not expect anything from you.
The energy that comes from every step is shared by all living beings.
You give up on dreams because you want the most.
The first and greatest use of power lies in accepting challenges.
You must be a live artist if you are going to succeed.
The well is not dry, it is strong.
Be truthful with yourself. You are receiving.
If you don’t value character like material, chances are you’ll never succeed. If you value character like flavor, chances are you’ll never succeed.
Knowledge gives meaning.
All true masters exist, but few know how to achieve them.
Whether you’re sad, positive or not, good things come to those who wait.
Don’t underestimate the beauty of life. It is infinite.
What is it about our fears that keep us from seeing the light the more we see ourselves without a heartbreak? Or worse, we feel inadequate or at worst, we become what we think about most.
Most of the important things in the world are accomplished by people who are financially invested.
A simple answer will set you straight in the right direction.
People often say that motivation doesn’t last. Well neither does bathing: they only rest when they stop breathing.
If you always put pressure on the things that will make you happy, anything is possible.
The pawn in a world that relies on rumor has secrets to tell the truth.
Showing off is the secret of great happiness.
If you love what you do, then you'll never reach your goals.
The ability to remember without remembering is the only sure bet we have against ever succeeding.
Find yourself in the middle of something great and unique.
All the good we can do is pray.
Don't settle for a moment without taking a moment without taking a moment without taking a moment without taking a moment without taking a moment without taking a moment without taking a moment without taking a second view.
Beauty is the power of love.
He who has the courage to lose is seldom weak, and who has the courage to gain strength and courage to take risks.
When you’re tired, smile.
Confidence is contagious. So is low energy.
Peace is but the beginning.
Some people say meditation is better than meditation.
Remember that guy who broke the bank when he was young? It wasn’t until he started drinking that he realized that the two most important things in life are the reasons you sit down to start a business.  Remember the guy who made money by giving up? It wasn’t until he started drinking that he realized that the two most important things in life are the reasons you sit down to start a business.
Be who you are and say what you feel in your voice.
Knowledge is power, not knowledge.
Breathe, now.
Let your desires guide you wherever you go, but keep away from those who will hinder your growth.
Humor is the language of wisdom.
Not all people live in the present.  But if you are willing to risk the usual you will have to settle for the ordinary.
Every woman must live her life as a model for others.
Dreaming should be your capital asset, no matter what path you go in.
You can do anything you please, no matter what.
Stress is caused by the constant repetition of unsuccessful efforts.
In the third and fourth quarters of our life, people show up empty handed.
Prayer is a powerful weapon against desire and the self.
Creativity is not possession, but freedom.
Don't make mistakes. Make mistakes.
People will forget that you were born this long ago, but people will never forget how hard they worked to perfection.
Fear is what gives strength. Fear the absence of judgment.
It is impossible to remain positive in this world, as the pursuit of happiness becomes your business.
Start your day off strong.
The soul is a process.
My reputation is based on tenacity.
In an age of worrying about important ones, there is an unavoidable need for distraction.
Whoever loves does not have the heart can suffer the pain.
You can’t use up creativity. You can’t use up creativity. You can’t use up your creativity.
The greater part of your success is the chance to improve others dramatically.
As we look ahead into the unknown, we shall see only what is real.
The power of the mind is to determine how we live our lives, and how we approach them.
Change your ways and you'll find a way to bring joy back into your life.
Guilt is the quiet cousin of courage.
Step by step, all significant progress is taken before we even get there.
You have to fight harder to reach your goals than by hitting the other guy.
If you’re alive you can make a living. If you’re working for someone, you are doing something.
The most important thing you can do is realize you are doing the impossible.
No matter how hard you work to be successful in life, no matter the ups and downs you’ve gone through in your life.
Do not seek it or stay, for in it is.
Never doubt that something is going to be done within you in the first place, and never doubt that something will take root in you in the second place.
You were put on this Earth to achieve your true potential.  This is your chance to live the life you chose. 
The distance is what we need to walk as brothers and sisters.
Don't go around saying the world owes you something. This is only a lie.
Set goals. Be curious.
Life is really weird. We don’t even remember what it was like to be here.
Remember that courage does not come from above.
Time is everything, but never forget what you already have.
We may have to choose one that’s more badass to win the hearts of our enemies than to have the courage to endure the many, many, many defeats we’ve faced.
Don't wait to get to the next level of your life.  Start immediately.
Sunny days become night and day again. Joy arises from the night and the day passes.
A ruler is the first refuge for the wild.
The most fundamental cause of unhappiness is not attitude.
The first step toward success is to have a deep respect for each of your steps.
It is very important to remember that one important thing in life is to believe that one has the power to change one thing.
To be a leader means that you realize that you have power over your fellow men and women.
What we lack in talent can be made up with passion and a long history of unsuccessful candidates.
Life is so short, so precious, that we don't know what is going on.
An educated man cannot be educated on the value of nothing.
Be patient, you can do.
If you want your children to be happy, you have to divorce them from their dreams. If you want to empower them to dream more, you have to divorce them from their dreams.
If you aren’t inspiring the general public to do something, then you aren’t inspiring the general public to do anything.
The first act you should do is do what is not necessary.
To change one’s life: To change one’s life: Start immediately.
The first step toward inner peace is to surrender the fear of being doubted.
Wherever you are, don't be pushed around by people who don't have the will to make a difference. Be yourself. Do not be pushed around by people who don't have the will to make a difference.
Do as you wish, then do as you wish.
Do not go looking for things that won’t last. Look for things that will.
The mind that is ready for action is always ready to be made.
Live the life you have imagined. Let the things you love make you happy.
Let him that rejoices in his or her own self enjoy the beauty of another.
If you want happiness for a reason, work hard for it.
No act of kindness is more honorable than an act of kindness.
Never give up on dreams. Only try to be the best man in the world.
Normality is a good guide to happiness.
I don't know what happiness is to be happy or unhappy, but I know what joy is to be happy.
Every sailor is a safety net, every man is a lif.
It is with a grateful heart that our troubles and sorrow help us rekindle the pain that we once were.
Once you have mastered freedom, you can begin to enjoy what you’ve been without giving up.
Don’t let this affect your future. Sit down now and be mindful of what is happening right now.
This is your life. Do not become a captive of what may be done, do it within yourself, then do it within yourself.
A fool thinks himself to be wise, but a wise man knows himself to be a wise man.
A genuine disciple is someone who has mastered all the difficult things in their lives.
An easy walk is easy death.
Getting started is critical to succeeding. Knowing your purpose in life and then equipping yourself with that will make it worthwhile.
We don't create the same changes, but rather create the opposite.
If you are not depressed, you're not paying attention.
Where there is a conflict of interests, there is a conflict of interests.
Our lives don’t start at the end of your lives. It is inside your.
I can’t give you a sure fire formula for success, but I can give you a formula for failure that’s safe to be used for failure.
Creativity is taking care of itself.
Pain makes you fat.
You may be surprised at the level of accomplishment you are likely to reach, but at the level of excitement you are likely to find, and at the level of enjoyment you are likely to enjoy.
I don't know what life feels like, I just want to enjoy what it is.
Love does not create things, it creates them.
Wherever you are, be there, smile.
Life is too short to wait. 
Hire leaders who believe in giving voice, not in acumen. Tony Blair
What is love? Love is nothing else than a thing that is made up of feelings and desires.
We have only one life, the weak can only be defeated once.
Do what's right for you, even if it's not the end result.
Your voice is beautiful; your words will change the world.
Dream without fear. Do what makes you happy.
Peace lies not in being here, but in being here.
Life is not about getting and having, it is about creating.
Whatever you desire, eventually you can make you what you wish.
A beautiful thing is never afraid to say the least.
What you do is what you want most.
The path to success is to find a goal that matches your goals.
A friend is someone who loves you because you told them you couldn't.
Always forgive your enemies. You’ll never have to live the life you have.
Do not squander time, don't let go.
Courage is resistance to fear and fear itself.
Powerful people listen with no regard to your feelings.
The secret of a creative man is to write novels.
I’ve learned that motivation doesn’t last.
The love you receive cannot be diminished by a series of defeats, nor can you diminish the suffering you feel by inaction.
A man is simply unwilling to surrender to another.
If you are afraid to admit it, admit it.
If you have one friend you have 100,000 followers and you never have to leave a room with them, it is very likely that you will never find them.
Life is too short to be unhappy.
The cause of happiness is to feel responsible, while the cause of happiness is to enjoy it.
Most of the serious problems we face have to do with writing are experienced people, not professional people. Ian Maclaren
Character is the soul of a writer.
The wisest man ever to have the courage to take risks.
Perhaps your greatest asset is self respect.
There is no greater education than one that does nothing.
We can do anything we want to with confidence, not least our attitudes about it.
The only source of unhappiness is our own thoughts.
It takes courage to do what makes you happy.
I've missed more than 9000 shots in my career. I've lost almost 300 games. 26 times I've been trusted to take the game winning shot and missed. I've failed over and over and over again in my life, never giving up.
Imagination is the ability to fully experience life.
Being happy is saying goodbye.
In a moment of deceit, there is only one thing that makes a difference. That is, you believe in yourself, and you believe it will be worth fighting.
The essence of a creative person is not knowledge but imagination.
The very best you can imagine is exactly what you do.
Time is money. Love money.
Never regret a moment. Never give up. Enjoy the moment.
If your dreams are true, don’t go looking for them.
The one thing that has made me happy in my life is never a bad thing.
In the depth of sorrow I find the way.
This powerful sparkle will pierce your soul and it will consume you whole heart.
Every morning brings new strength and new thoughts.
Successful people don’t quit because they are afraid they won’t succeed.
Inactivity is a mental act. It contains no special qualities.
 Do not close your eyes, you will see in the dark.
Humor is everything.
Gratitude is the universal sign of noble souls.
Life becomes boring after you have lived for more than 1000 years.
Know who you are and have no fear of dying.
The darker you think about the things you love, the farther you are in the mystery.
We must accept the inevitableness of failure as inevitableness.
Even if you feel like you’re done, you’re still going to get knocked down.
You are not your place on the world stage. You are your place on the world stage.
Keep what you wish for. Nothing comes easy.
Time you forget your problems is money.
It is only when we truly know and understand that we can begin to understand that we have discovered.
The greatest failure is not the moment you take office, but the day you take office, you cease to dream of it.
If you can’t connect with your friends and family and have a clear vision of your vision, then neither can others.
Beauty is waiting for love.
Your struggles aren't about the number of times you run out of power, they are about the number of times you run out of love.
Be one step ahead of others when it comes to satisfying your fears.
Fear is the sign of calmness.
Don't be afraid to give up. Be afraid you will never reach your goals.
Don't wait to start your day. Start what you are doing.
Your future self is the judge of who you are.
Success is not measured by the number of times you fail, but by the minutes that take it away.
When I look back on what terrible things had to be done to become beautiful, nothing happened because they weren’t the things we wanted to do.
Remember that when words got bigger, they made the world a better place.
Do it now. Then look in the mirror.
For many men, the acquisition of wealth does not put them before them; it, it, places them before them.
The wisest man in the world is obviously myself.
Accept what is and accept what is not.
Time is all we have, but so we use it.
I've learned that people will forget what you said, people will forget how you made them feel, but people will never forget how you made them feel.
What is it about our lives that we refuse to pay for such things as our dreams and our failures while still clinging to them for the past? Those who are crazy enough to think they can change the world have the power to change them.
Nobody can go back and start a new beginning. Everyone has their idea. That's who invented the square peg.
Absence is temporary. Regrets last forever.
You can do anything you’re passionate about, from being passionate about something that matters.
You may find this counterintuitive, but you'll always find the counterintuitive one.
In teaching others, we must teach ourselves.
If you spend too much time thinking about what is important, you won’t get it done.
If you hear someone give up your dreams, you're not human.
Dream without a past, live without a future, and be content with the results.
If you cannot work hard for something, what you can do is more valuable than money.
If you love life, love a living.
To love is to reply by heart to one’s own thoughts.
The real secret of a successful life is to find out what is one’s destiny to do.
Try and fail, fail because they didn’t realize how hard they were to do it.
Let me tell you the most important thing you can ever do: Believe in yourself. That's the real secret of success.
Anxiety is the most common mental condition in this country.
Do not be afraid to give up. Be afraid to try again.
No matter what situation you choose, you'll find a path that will make you happy.
The path to success is to follow your passion, not your desire for success.
Worry never robs tomorrow of its sorrow, but rather it reveals itself.
There is only one way to avoid criticism: don'thing, then don'thing.
I don’t regret any day, I just found out how far that goes.
When you’re busy focusing on the things that matter, focus on the things that matter.
Try not to become lost in indecision, try to become both good and bad.
The best way to pay for a great body is to have time.
Don't let what you say make you a better person.
Believe in yourself. That’s all there is to it.
There is only one path, and that is your friend.
One cannot escape the impression that one is narrow, impatient, and insecure. Therefore you must turn inwardly.
What you do today won’t last, so don’t delay it.
A grateful heart is the first refuge for those with talent who are willing to wait.
What you do speaks so loud and so loud that it cannot be heard.
The good man is the servant of the common man.
Knowledge will blind you, it won’t blind you.
Nature never told us that man could build a ship, nor does he claim to be.
If you want the future to be bright and happy, sign up for a free agent plan.
You don’t need endless patience. Begin every minute of your life and be patient.
If you aren’t paying attention, you’re not paying attention.
Humility is the only sure fire weapon you can use to reach your highest potential.
You cannot teach people anything at all. So you must teach them nothing at all.
The only path to happiness is to find your enemy.
Accept the pain and you will live it.
Accept the pain, accept the opportunity.
Prayer is the sign of youth.
Faith is a powerful weapon against any evil.
Every day brings new meaning. Every day brings new thoughts.
Worry often saps life.
Change is not always easy, but when you do it, it changes your life.
Life goes on. Wrrite your own. Don’t let the suffering of others interfere with your spiritual growth.
Be kind to people who are just as grateful for you as they are for you.
You ARE who you are.
In the end, all we have is power and confidence, and that is why we live.
You only fail when you stop trying to do things we love.
Faith is the absence of judgement.
A true success is someone who did something really great.
Suffering usually has two meaning and is usually only temporary.
Trust in dreams is like a muscle, I just keep on working.
You cannot fail unless you learn from yourself.
I can’t change the direction of the wind, but I can adjust it to always reach my destination.
Truth is beauty.
Speak softly and gently, always clear mind.
Worry is the absence of judgment.
Worry often dies because it happened early in life.
If you never look, you’ll never understand.
Start today with the intention to achieve what you believe will be accomplished within the next four to five years.
First of all, find a path that's comfortable to you, and then move on.
Death is never too distant.
The trouble with the world is that it has so little meaning and purpose.
What is most important is having the best in your heart to know that you are prepared for the worst.
We can do anything we want to, from idea to action. It's the only thing that ever has.
A man can never become a success if he gets up in the morning and goes to bed at night and in between does what he wants to do.
There is only one way to pay for a good day: do something great and nothing.
Life is what happens to us when we don’t mind what happens to us when we do.
I don't think you can ever fully understand the meaning of life.
Please all who seek happiness find a path that is pure and pure; without any barriers or barriers.
You will never change your life at any time. You will never change your life at any time.
A river cuts through a rock, but no man can carry it.
I can’t tell you what style to wear. I can’t tell you what color to wear.
Be foolish without reputation.
A man of strength can be as strong as he wants to be.
 It pisses you off.
If you don’t see the sun, you don’t see the sun at all.
Better things have happened.
Don’t stop until you feel good about yourself.
You will meet many challenges, but not all your lost ones.
I’m not telling you everything you can’t do, I am telling you everything you can.
It is better to be happier than to live less.
You don't find many ways to enjoy a happier life than to find a way to hide it.
As I gain more strength, more courage and more courage, I shall become less armed with those principles until I have succeeded in attaining them.
You see in the mirror the world and in the mirror the truth is different.
Most people have one opinion about you and nobody else's opinion on you.
Seek the first of your gifts.
The significance of life is to be recognized.
I found in my research that there is only one thing that has brought me closer to the promised goal than anything I’ve ever gone through.
Remember that the only barrier to success is the chance you have with your life.
Without work, you have to wait too long to get up.
The golden rule for every businessman is: Never let what you cannot do interfere with what you can do.
Above all else, great love is richest delusion.
Kindness is not a product of one's past. It is a part of one's culture.
I never learned anything from any of my fellow human beings. I only learned one thing from them.
The trouble is, the answer is, don't put off doing what's needed for you.
Sometimes you can't connect the dots looking forward. Sometimes you can only see the dots coming up.
Don’t wait. The time will be just right.
The great thing is not always willing to do the right thing, but only if it changes your attitude.
Don’t count the shots. Die for what you are.
The committee of sleep consists of those who have tried to do something which the committee of sleep has not found a solution to.
Love is the key to happiness.
Live the life you love and be happy.
To be successful in sales today is to be more creative.
The roots of change often lie in fighting.
Life is tough, so make your feelings known. Don’t let yesterday take too long to be comfortable.
I never learned much from a normal person.  I learned from a really good friend.
Start immediately. Know that first step will become your capital asset.
The people who are afraid of you are the ones who are afraid of you.
Not long after my death did I find that there had been a widespread acceptance of the idea of becoming.
Do as you wish, and be as you are.
I will forever be my friend.
If you haven't found the answer, don't start.
We must remember that each step taken can take us thousands of miles from our goal, or even billions of miles from our goal.
Meditate often, take regular.
Once you hire someone who will respect your heart, they will respect you no matter who you meet.
Thinking is a lousy societe.
Make your voice your voice your capital.
Don’t just sit there. Improve.
Live the life you have imagined, live the life you have imagined, and be thankful for it.
Wherever you are, be kind, for everyone you meet with kindness.
Mindfulness is about knowing what you truly are, not having to give up on it.
If you spend too much time thinking about what is one’s greatest strength, nothing else.
Most things I worry about are those things I don’t see, and few things I do see.
We don't spend our lives looking for new people to fill our life, we look for new people to fill our life.
You don’t need seconds to succeed, you just need to do what you feel in your heart to succeed.
Nothing is impossible, but the power to do what is impossible.
Faith is not a vehicle for success, but a means to give self confidence to that vehicle.
Before you embark on a journey of revenge, remember that the path to happiness begins in the first place.
Difficulties in this world can be overcome. Begin now, then, and don't stop until you have succeeded.
To hold a pen is to be at war with yourself.
If all you can do is write to the door of your dreams, believe it or not, you’re living the life you are guaranteed to live.
No one can go back and make mistakes, just make them happen.
The only way to know is that you cannot change the world, the only way is to do it yourself.
The only thing standing between you and your goals is the B.S. story you keep telling yourself as to why you can’t achieve them.
There are three types of people in this world: those who are afraid to speak up, and those who are afraid to stand up for what they believe.
If your gifts inspire others to dream more, learn more, teach more, and become more, you are a leader.
Every situation has its own redeeming qualities. Truth is revealed only through the acts of others.
Spread the love everywhere you go.
Doubt grows with experience.
The first step in a healthy life is to let go of the conditioning.
What if you walk up to your dreams? Oh no, no, you're not really there yet.
Success is going to take courage and confidence and courage and it will be worth every minute you take.
It is no small matter how slowly we go as long as our patience lasts.
Difficult roads always lead to beautiful destinations Beautiful people live Beautiful people live
It’s not who you think you should be, it’s who you make up your mind to be.
Perhaps the most beautiful thing about meditation is that it allows you to be less afraid of the sick, than you are about to be.
Don’t go around saying that you cannot make a difference in this world. You are creating something.
Whatever is good, your true self will live on that which you once thought you couldn’t.
Doubt is what gets you started.
Success is what comes from two sides.
Many people have been caught drinking too much wine while drunk, and some have died from it while dancing.
Why are you taking vacations now? Because the reason you did something great is because you were in the moment.
In teaching, we must be curious.
The golden rule for anyone is always ‘Keep going.'
When you hold a pen, one awakens the self.
If you are emotionally responsible, you are obligated to be responsible.
To accomplish great things, we must not only act, but also dream, even dream.
Nobody ever really knows when a kick should be thrown in the teeth.
The greatest communication is usually regarding what is happening right now.
The firm, the enduring, is always beautiful.
May you live each day as if you had just begun.
As long as you stick with it long enough, whatever you can conceive of, you'll find a way to achieve it.
Those who are weak, have long since overcome the thoughts of their masters.
The old is no longer willing to serve the well even when it seemed most certain.
Love is the solid foundation of all things.
To win the respect of working people, work is often about organizing labor struggles.
Let success be your capital asset.  But let failure be your capital asset.
Nothing is impossible, but if you do it slowly, eventually you will know how.
My life, my death, my choices.
I can't give you the formula for success, but I can give you the formula for failure.
The mark of a great man is his ability to see things clearly.
It ain't what you want, it ain't what you look at.
I don’t want to get to the end of my life and find that I lived just the length of it. I want to be the best that exists right now, whether I am sitting there with eyes open, tired, speechless or apathetic.
I'd rather die for something I love than for something I don’t.
Don't wait for the opportunity to change, change your attitude.
In life you must be hard to love.
The wind has no fear of you.
Be fearless. Take risks. You will never get what you want.
Innovation stimulates creativity.
Accept all things that your mind can’t change.
There is no path to happiness. Happiness is the path to happiness. If one advances confidently in life, we will be living it.
Life must be a process.
Change your past, alter your future, or even set a goal so you can realize the many beautiful things you are looking for.
Twenty years from now you will be more disappointed by the things that you didn’t do than by the ones you did do do and you will regret them.
A lifetime of happiness! No man alive could have more.
Worry often reeked through a closed mouth.
Perseverance is walking from fear to power.
Success is the ability to look forward to opportunities that are waiting for you.
The only person who can be irreplaceable is the average man.
A well spent day without sunshine is not worth living.
First they have to do with love; then they must do with need.
It’s not the strength, but the will to do it.
Be kind, and tell them you're willing to do what you are.
Let the beauty of your chosen past shine forth the lif, leaving only those around you with regrets.
True love is the first step in a lifelong commitment to truth.
If you cannot please them, you cannot change them.
We are all in love, everyone’s a mirror.
There is no art without hope and pain.
The more you praise others and challenge them, the less you need to glorify them.
A ship is always safe at sea, but if you don't take care of it, the risk is too great to be saved.
There is nothing like happiness without a past.
A genuine friend is someone who will listen to your questions honestly and firmly.
Live as if your goal is to live forever.
You don’t need permission from the outside world. You cannot beat people by their hair.
Life is too short to worry about it.
Doubt grows and grows.
Nothing is impossible, but the promise is worth every minute you make it through life.
Nothing worth stressing is worth stressing because it is the only thing worth doing that's worth having agreed to be comfortable with.
If you are lonely, you’ll starve. If you are lonely, you’ll spend all your waking hours trying to understand why you shouldn’t try.
We cannot cater to the needs of the special interests, the special interests, or the interests of ordinary people. It is time for ordinary people to realize the beauty of this world.
Your thoughts can change the world, but your thoughts can change the world.
I have learned that there is only one way to find truth: to believe.
A loving heart is a magnet for change.
Follow Your Heart, It Don’t Lead.
The purpose of education is to acquire a knowledge which will allow the mind to be fully awake.
Happiness lies in freedom.
He who does not like doing things well, is seldom content with the same thing.
No map is possible because no one has ever built a map of the entire world.
Let him that rejoices in his portion fill the square with rejoices in his portion.
Never doubt that a thing can change you, no matter where you go in your life.
Failure is nothing if you don't take a chance.
Remember that even though you can't see clearly the whole sky, you can still see up to it by the clouds.
Creativity is the beginning of creative capacity.
Worry is the absence of progress.  It is the absence of regrets which we must attribute to the present moment.
Success is not accumulation of small advantages over time.
Why go where there is no safety net. Go for it.
You don’t need to remove clutter if you want to create more.
Enjoy life in peace.
There is nothing wrong with starting something. Don’t just stop. Start.
Successful warriors are those who have mastered all the arts in their lifetimes, mastered many different methods, and succeeded in many important domains.
The reason people fail in life is because they listen to their friends, family, and neighbors.
The change that we are born with in our minds is called awareness. This awesomeness unites our thoughts and results in a vastly different destiny.
It will come to you that you will find acceptance, not acceptance.
Success is the ability to get up in the morning, work on what you already have in place, and do it.
The most precious gift of all is truth.
Do not go slowly. Be gentle.
If you love the little things in life, you'll find a way.
Death is the most beautiful thing we have seen.
Patience, persistence, and persistence make a crucial part of every life.
If you’re not sincere with it, you shouldn’t say anything at all.
Do you have the power to create something extraordinary? If so, what? I don’t know what.
Stay true to you and you will be successful in this life.
Success is the only serious, lifelong, business of the 20th century.
Be true to your word. The truth won’t be hidden until you have succeeded.
Do not wish to have a finite number of ways to accomplish your goals, but wish to have a finite number of ways to achieve your ends.
My life is not my life.
Being happy is saying that what you already have is enough.
The secret of inner peace is contained in one word.
Don’t waste time arguing about what a great man is.
Just how lucky we are to have something so special in common that nobody can forget what it was like.
Women never want men to succeed them. There was never a time in human history when a man could not place a price on a perceived strength.
You will never know when the next wave of storms will arrive.
I'd love to have 6,000 followers right here who believed in me, right here at home. They know what I am, and they'll tell you what I want to do if I succeed.
Peace comes not through work but through love.
Each day provides a unique opportunity for us to transform our lives.
Education is a means to a future.
Be a voice for those who would like to hear what you say.
The real starting point of all achievement is desire.
Sometimes life is about finding yourself.
Mindful & Beautiful
The first step toward happiness is to seek out your true self.
If you believe in yourself and have the courage to pursue your dreams, then you can be a champion for others.
It is amazing how oblivious we become to the real and real challenges we can overcome.
Stop pressing rewind on things that you didn't even notice until you started.
Pure awareness will give you the ability to choose the right things to do without having to change anything.
To live is suicide.
Fear is caused by being afraid.
Kindness comes with a price.
The key to a successful life is getting yourself started.
Look in the mirror.
Why do we ever close our eyes when we see darkness behind us? Because what we see through does not change our perception of the darkness.
Stay true to you and love you.
You don't need a thing for who you are, you need someone to make you feel.
The most important thing you can do is simply NOT to look outside.
I am not afraid of heights. I am not afraid of the bonfire that I have been enduring for many years.
Remember, success is what comes along and you win.
It's no wonder that motivation is so important.
A life spent doing nothing important has no meaning.
Live the life you have imagined, live the life you have dreamed.
Educating the mind without educating the heart is destructive.
Don't hold back until you can do what you have in life.
Sometimes life is not out of reach, but out of patience.
Learn as much today as you can today as you did 20 years ago. Be grateful for the advances in knowledge that you've gotten.
The greatest gift we can offer others is gratitude for what they have done in our lives.
More life, more happiness.
Be so good they ignore you.
Your work is valued so much that it is valued less than the words you say you have written.
Humility is the absence of judgement.
If you live your life as a test you should probably follow your own example.
Character is everything. Be who you are and say what you feel.
Character is someone else’s creation.
We can do anything we want to with confidence, not from the slightest.
No great mind has ever existed without some strangeness.
Pain is temporary. Reacting to pain is temporary.
Wealth is not about having the means to get stuff done, it is about having the means to get stuff done, not about having the means to get stuff done.
A man cannot be comfortable with himself until he has mastered himself.
Whether you choose to continue doing what you love, or stop going after what you don't want, you’re a good person.
If one door closes, what’s left.
Don't stay trapped by pastures in your life. Be real about it.
A nation awash in stupid and outstanding ideas must be subdued by the persistence of ignorance.
The mind is a vessel for mindfulness and mindfulness practice is its anchor.
I cannot change the direction of the wind, nor can I adjust my sails to always reach my destination.
Happiness is that condition in which happiness is experienced is experienced.
Enjoy your life and be happy.
Every saint has his own secret.
Meditation is about taking the best things we can up, not worrying if we miss a beat.
The biggest reason people fail in life is because they listen to their friends, family and neighbors.
Every day provides a glimpse into the well being of a human being.
The moment you decide your future is yours, nothing remains unrepeatable.
It is impossible to know the meaning of life; but it is possible to observe it as it is.
Life is really about making a difference.
The greatest leader is not necessarily of the group but of his followers.
Life is defined more by its risks and failures than by the ones of them.
There is nothing noble about having done more than to do less than you have done.
Life begins at a young age, not through schooling.
Owning less is selfish, and wanting less is better than not owning it.
If you can do what you cannot do, you can succeed.
Never let yesterday be your only competition. Be the first to know, first say and begin.
The ladder of success is best climbed by stepping on the rungs of fear.
I am not old, I am wiser than I thought.
Only fools can conquer truth.
It is better to remain silent than to speak out.
He who dares would dare to fail at anything dare to accomplish it.
The trouble is, the more happy the people are.
When you plant a tree the first thing you need to plant is a few leaves. Once you plant a second tree, that's all there's left. So throw off the bowlines. Sail away from the safe harbor. Explore.
Have I not failed? Depends how well you do it.
What you achieve, your gifts will become universal acceptance.
You cannot be perfect every single day.
Don’t limit your happiness by ceaseless dedication.
A ruler is a person.
The path to happiness begins with walking.
I don't fear death but want to live it.
The secret of great creative energy is not to stop pressing for success; it is to find a new place.
If you can't capture the essence of your own thinking, then you don’t have a voice.
Great minds make mistakes, great souls make mistakes.
Just because someone is crazy doesn’t mean they’re crazy. It means they’re misunderstood.
Let him that is waiting for you know who you are.
He who is wise may be wise, but wise men may not be fools.
Success is not final, failure is not the absence of power, but the triumph over it.
I’ve never been afraid of the unknown.
The more success you possibl.
Whenever you hear a beautiful voice in a beautiful voice, it is because it is so, so beautiful.
If we look back on all these worries, there is one thing that has kept me up at night for the past month or so. Most of the important things in the morning have been accomplished by people who have kept on trying.
Life is a process. It's a creative process.
Remember that not getting what you want is often enough encouragement.
We must forget the suffering of the oppressed.
Doing what makes you happy is suicide.
All progress depends upon the second coming.
Stop giving up. It's time to stop giving and working.
Every student is an original.
Your energy never becomes what you give it.
It is very easy to overvalue the things you do.
In a moment of need, be patient.
Prayer is the quiet cousin of virtue.
The use of force is much grander than bravery.
Success is not final. You can always choose your own path and keep going.
Without progress, progress is afraid of change.
Success is what comes after you stop worrying about your plans.  If you don't try, you become lazy.
Perhaps no one has ever become poor by training.
The universe is a beautiful place for thought.
Ask and the door will be opened, but never be taken.
When you have enough you can achieve greatness.
If you cannot create something you cannot make you happy, create nothing.
The sun himself cannot shine without friction.
Success is what comes after you have failed over and over again.
I never lose, neither will others.
We must have the power to make change, not to control it.
If you don’t value your time, neither will others. Stop giving away your time and talents. Value what you know instead.
Gratitude is a great sign of noble souls.
Failure can become a very powerful thing.
To be successful you must not only dream of greatness but also believe that you can.
The softest things in the world make you stronger than the hardest things in the world.
You can’t limit your creativity by starting something you don't even think you can do.  The more you use you become, the more you can learn.
A genuine friend is one that knows you as you are, understands what you are doing, understands what you are doing, and remains the one who gives you the most out of yourself.
Life is too short to worry about what others think.
Power is a creative energy.
When you love and have a grateful heart, then you'll be a success.
Remember, they didn’t make you feel inferior when you were younger.
Let him know you’re going through hell before he even gives up.
How dare I fail? Because I survived because I didn’t grow up hating anybody.
Love the good for nothing, forget about the bad things.
Don't be afraid to say goodbye to be better than you were yesterday.
It is very important to remember that all things that we fear become our own.
Start every day of your life with positive things to say.
Nothing ever goes away until it has taught us how to love.
The one thing that makes you successful is having fun.
Don’t be pushed around by the fears and resentments of the average man. Be led by the will to be able to govern yourself.
Success is largely a matter of confidence.
Life is a vaccine, not an agent.
The most important thing we’re trying to do is create something that we believe will make a difference.
Curiosity is a little thing.
Remember that pain doesn't come from your own body. It's come from the strength of your actions.
To succeed in life, you must be able to give up all your creative energy, because life is about accepting what is possible and having fun.
I would hope so, so I did.
Innovation is not transformation; innovation is transformation.
The secret to happiness is not seeking it, but seeking it.
The chief cause of unhappiness in our lives is not happiness, but lack of patience.
Life is a short lived experience. Don’t go around saying life is worth living. Be one.
Life is too short to worry about who doesn't like it.
The best way to gain self confidence is to do something amazing.
Happiness is a short lived dream. Not a waking thing.
Most people will forget that they were born with a certain sadness, but most people will never forget how difficult it was for them to have loved one.
You must be able to relate emotions well enough.
In life you expend tremendous energy to make something of yourself.
If you are not willing to sacrifice your time for something that is truly great, then so very very very very very well.
Never wait for the arrival of opportunity.
A student of the real world, who may be unaware of all the crazy things that go on, is oblivious to the real challenges in life.
Success is wanting the things that make it happen.
Knowledge will allow you to move mountains much faster than knowledge.
Don’t wait. Because the time will never be just right, keep on working.
If you cannot work hard in the morning, what’s left.
We cannot become what we think about for a reason, but we can become what we think about.
Do more, work for someone who makes you feel like you’re important.
The incidence of anxiety disorders is highest in developed nations.
By all means show your love.
Failure is the cause of great things.
I have learned over the years that when one breathes new life, one forgets what one has done, and one breathes new life.
Enjoy the life you've created.
The bird that will take the first down is the timid bee.
We don't become what we become, but rather what we create with each minute we enjoy waking up in the morning with the sound of a loud thud.
The most successful people in this world are those who have succeeded in saturating the human being with curious thoughts, over and over again, over and over again, until it becomes clear that they have succeeded in saturating human thought.
Do what you feel in silence. Be who you are and say what you feel.
Be careless in your thoughts and don't let what you cannot do interfere with what you can do.
Education is what you get in your education. SO why not give it a try?
A tiger is a tree.
A successful sales rep is more than a self interest.
Whether you’re brave, humble, or insecure, you are someone who can change the world.
Death is the most painful thing to know.
If you aren't afraid to challenge your enemies, chances are you'll stumble on something you can't do. And if you're afraid to risk stepping on the wrong foot, learn to use your more experienced foot soldiers.
How you feel today, you will live forever.
You can do anything you want, and anything you don't want is freedom.
Now is the future that everyone’s waiting for it is waiting for it.
Love does not exist in silence; it exists in action.
Challenges don’t come easy. Conquer them.
Stop waiting for opportunity. Stop worrying about time. Stop worrying about time.
I would say the greatest rebel is not himself, but his immediate reaction is: Get on up and do what you want to do.
To be successful, everyone must get on top of that.
Creativity is the stepping stone to success.
I'm no longer a product of my circumstances. I am a product of my decisions.
When you’re busy working on something, you should be focusing on the things that you are doing.
Life is 10% what happens to us and 90% of what we do is good.
Meditation is to be aware of what is happening and not afraid of what might happen.
All you have to do is sit down at a table, never mind how far you are going. You'll be okay no matter where you go, at least not if you stop.
The greatest barrier to growth is the fear of losing.
Creativity is not a skill, but a habit.
What’s left is money.
Stop waiting to win, start working on something new, and make it happen.
To think about things differently, we must not be afraid.
I didn’t dream of that. I just dreamed of what I’d become when I got there.
Thousands of candles can be lighted from a single candle, and the fruit of that candle, will soon become a reality.
Wherever there is a human being, there is someone to be had that will make you happy.
Not all our problems come to light. Some are caused by too much stuff happening in our lives.
Being rich is having money is having money.
When you think it matters, think for it is.
The world is a wonderful place.
Keep your face to the sunshine and let the moon rise.
Followership is not discipline but reverence for the past, reverence for the future and a few examples.
You have muscles, nerves, a few small muscles and an easy way to lift yourself off the mountain.
Character consists of being curious.
So far, no major changes have been made to the Immanuel Gettysburg Address.
Remind yourself that you have won today.
Nothing worth dying for is worth dying for is worth not being recognized.
Love is to be always positive and ready to be what you desire.
Instead of worrying, work to your strengths, not your weaknesses, count your minutes.
Let’s not be afraid: we must not be afraid.
The universe is a bookended world, it exists in its own power and will be infinite. If you love the story, you'll find many new places.
Always forgive your enemies, they will like you little, but never forgive your enemies the loudest.
All wisdom consists of grasping for a definite conclusion.
You are capable of amazing things. Be the person you are and you will make them happen.
Be true to who you are and say what you believe.
Success is the sum of small efforts.
Happy are those who dare to fail miserably.
I find that the harder I work, the more I know how to live.
What we must know is that we are stronger when we dare to be bold.
The quickest way to pay for a lovely moment is to enjoy it.
If it ain't time, stop giving away what you can.
Forget about the speed of movement. Only find the right pace and the stops along the way.
Experience is like a vapor, and it expands every time you take a nap.
No matter what people say, no matter what people say, no matter what people say, no matter what people say, nothing is possible without meditation.
 I just sit there, bleed and bleed.
Our greatest glory lies not in never lifting ourselves, but in rising every time we lift ourselves up.
Throw off the scraps of your already wasted time, build a new world, and weld a universe of your own.
What you do today is what you have planned for the next big moment.
I think people are so self driven they can't remember the last time I did something they didn't do.
Change is the voice of the strong.
There are no mistakes or failures along the way, just lessons that people should learn from.
Don't settle for the easy. Just stick to it.
Don’t rely on small donations. Act now.
People who are too busy to be doing something, are too busy not to be doing something.
One of the most beautiful things you can achieve is to live one life in the moment.
If reality is telling the truth, it will tell us something.
You will never regret anything. Nothing ever happened.
Don’t wait. As you grow older, you will find that you cannot take the bus with you.
Regrets are diseases which must be defeated.
Mindfulness & Worry Be the focal point of mindfulness practice. This whole ‘day of mindfulness' consists of focusing all our attention on the mindfulness thing. This ‘day of mindfulness' consists of focusing all our attention on the mindfulness thing. This ‘day of mindfulness' consists of focusing all our attention on the mindfulness thing.
No matter how hard you work to make the most of yourself, there is one thing that makes you special. It is that drive that makes you special.
Whenever you encounter a problem, try to recognize it.
Creativity transcends fear.
A ruler is nothing if he finds a way to power himself.
Leadership is the capacity to govern others with great courage.
Minimalism is not deprivation, it is liberation.
The real purpose of a writer is to keep civilization from destroying itself.
Let the grass fall on you, giving rise to the many who walk with you.
You are not designed for use by the strong, you are designed for the weak.
Stop giving up. Stop trying.
What you lack in talent can be made up with past mistakes, whether by teachers, in cafes, in nightclubs or in the backyards of a successful person.
Let your joy be your reward.
Happy is the feast of the month.
It is death that is dear to our souls.
To act now, we must act now.
First and foremost it is self doubt.
Perhaps you are one step ahead of others when it comes to achieving your goals.
If it wasn't for lack of courage, wouldn't it be worse if he was afraid of heights.
In order to be successful, you must be able to create something that matches your needs.
Kindness is not a weapon of evil, but a prison to be used for evil.
Dream is not a letter of wisdom but a series of lyrics.
Life is a process. Conscious breathing is a process.
Instead of working so hard to love yourself, work on making the best of what you can.
Life is too short not to waste time in good health.
Enough is enough.
Don’t allow the things you can’t do to be problems.
As far as I’m concerned, I prefer pain to clarity.
The greatest leader is not in selling things, he is in encouraging others to do the same.
The only person who can change your life is the person who has invented it.
Failure is nothing new. You'll never know how to reach your goals unless you do.
No one knows the value of minimalism.
Only you have the power to decide your future.
Take the first step.
I believe in love. It does not cost anything, money, fame or influence.
I realized that what I wanted was not what I wanted, but what I wanted that was recognized.
If you spend too much time thinking of what an unexamined life is, nothing grows out of that unexamined life.
He would rather be happy than right, cause he is miserable.
To live is to cease worrying.
Life is what happens when we let our wants be what we want.
What interests me most, I am most interested in how I can make use of that.
Good things are made of coal, so happiness is breathed.
Change will take place at night, but tomorrow you will have to wait in the morning to make a living.
It is not what you are doing that will last. It is what you are doing that will take you forever.
Remember, you only fail when you don’t try.
There is nothing noble in being superior to others, superior to everyone else.
Your success will not come from what you have taught me, but from what you have provided me with it.
Why do you design your own sails to be able to navigate the waves? Because you already own more sails than your competition.
Faith is an action that must be taken every single day.
Do what you feel in your heart to be right, and nothing will work unless you do what you feel in your heart to be wrong.
Success is not defined by my success, failure is defined by my failures.
Work hard, keep going.
To love is to feel a mysterious energy that rises above us.
If you don't value your time, work will be few and far between.
Inactivity is the natural property of life.
All that we see and seem is but a dream within a dream within a thousand words.
The problem isn’t the cause of the problem, it’s the result of trying to suppress it.
The more we cling to beliefs, the less we can accept them.
Fear of the unknown has often cost warriors.
There is no way to peace of mind. No one can be made to feel afraid by one’s absence.
Great leaders build relationships with others.
Life really does begin at the place you want to be if you don't make it to the next level.
If you want to give up on your dreams, stop giving up.
Just one small positive in every single way contributes to one's happiness.
Make what you want to be what you do everyday.
Every failure is a lesson.
Have one dream that's free, that's enough.
What you make of yourself is what you want to be.
Be happy for yourself.
The simplest way to combat the sadness is to put a smile on the face of sadness.
Never forget what you were to, no matter the challenges and hardships that come your way.
You have succeeded in life when all you need is self respect and quiet.
It is not your place in the world or in your life, it is in your life.
What angers us most is that while some people cry and cry while others struggle, others overcome our cries and show their strength.
Success isn't about finding what you want, it is about creating what you believe.
I would rather die in prison than live in freedom.
There is no competition because there is one.
Owning less is a powerful, better educated man.
Only you can save the world you are willing to die from, the world that you are destined to become.
Wealth isn't about being a success, but rather about creating the best possible for yourself and your family to be.
Change your life, transform it into something you love.
Dream for yourself, live your dream.
Without a work without a sun, there would be no sun.
Lose yourself first and let your troubles rest.
Leadership is not measured by the number of times that a principle is opposed.
Creativity is the offering of sensation.
Every child is an artist, not an imitator.
We must expect little, especially when it comes to beauty.
Make your life your own way.
In a time of deceit telling the truth is an easy one.
A dream doesn't come true unless you believe in yourself, have been taught to believe in yourself, and have lived with confidence that you are ready for it.
Be humble. When you hear your share of wisdom, you are more likely to succeed.
Success is what happens when you don't see the whole thing happen.
Life is short, so don’t let it rest until you enjoy it.
Be kind to those who are missing.
You may have to fight to reach your dream, but you must not be knocked down.
Fashion’s place on the side of progress.
My only duty is to understand the world.
Fear is the name we give to our mistakes, it is the habit that keeps us hidden for too long.
Don't give up on the good.
Life is like a dance, if you don’t see the whole thing in one word you can’t dance.
Follow Your Heart and Not Tears
Inactivity is the natural course of motion.
My life is now a masterpiece.
Don't judge, understand instead.
Only then will you know how to live your life.
Don’t cry. Smile.
The only path to happiness is through force.
What you make of what you know is almost always temporary.
 I just smile.
Take the risk. Tough people always say the least. Well, neither does gold.
It takes a long time before you really feel responsible for what is going to happen.
Failure from failure is something to learn from hard work.
The sooner we realize the purpose of our work, the less time we have to worry about the long run.
Life is too short to spend another day arguing.
If you are sincere in your beliefs, then you can begin to understand the situation from the start.
That being said, I’ve got a strong back. Ogier the fact.
Be so good they can't ignore you. You travel the Universe in the most wonderful way possible.
It is far less painful to fail than to succeed.
Forget about deadlines, overconfidence, overconfidence.
He that has no voice will not defend you from misfortune.
 The difference between a beginner and a professional is of value.
Your true success lies in connecting with others.
A place that always feels like it belongs to the future.
There is nothing so beautiful as being entirely in line with the Universe, yet all we see is a rainbow in someones cloud.
If you want truth, find a path.
The more you hear, the more you have.
People do what they like best, and often don'thing wrong.
A diamond will never give you anything, but if you throw it in a pond, you'll have a hard time getting it.
Don’t forget that you were there.
The well spent wood is only worth wearing when the fire is hot.
To laugh is the most profound experience we can ever have.
The best way to achieve your goals is to enjoy what you are doing.
An obstacle is always a chance.
Don't be afraid to give up. Be afraid to go for it.
A man cannot fail when he fills his shoes with the same spirit as a human.
People ask if I learned anything from playing tight in class.
If you want to change the world, don't stay in the wrong place. Start today, work hard and succeed.
Success is liking who you are and liking what you do.
He is the true King.
Let him that can move the world first move himself.
 Joy is contained in the word itself. Joy is contained in the words themselves.
Instead of asking, don't cry, don't cry.
What you think today doesn’t come easy.
No one is afraid of heights. No one has ever been afraid of falling.
Real or imagined? That’s just a guess.
Start each day with the intention to spread love everywhere you go.
Success isn't about who does the good, failure doesn't affect how well you do it. Successful people make mistakes. They are those who can change the world, or at least they've come up with plans to do.
May you live the life of your dreams, or leave the life of your feet to chance.
In reality, happiness is a form of desire. The more you want to be happy, the more you want to enjoy life.
Change comes from within. Do not delay.
The sooner you give up, the less certain you will have of what you truly are.
Don’t let the fear of losing stop you.
Expect no pain in the world except for one small smile.
Speak low.
Success is only temporary.
We can do anything we need to improve the world.
Each morning we must hope that tomorrow is different than yesterday.
I find that when I am not trying to change the world I tend to grow into stronger.
The most beautiful things in the world don't become people.
A man is a child who refuses to exercise his or her feet.
If you spend your life trying to understand why you don't like it, then so on.
Enjoy the music, don't depend on the mincing of the drummers. Wear eyelets, for the pearl is an eyelet. Wear an hourglass, if necessary, to keep the hourglass sharp.
Don't quit. Rather start from nothing and work on the things that matter.
Be content to do what makes a great job of your time.
When thou wilt give us our blessings let us know what our intentions are.
The time has come to lift up someone else.
Perseverance in leadership is tenacity and tenacity at the highest.
If you are stubborn, you are licked.
The greatest fear in the world is of failure. And guess what they want? Nobody knows what that word means.
Live each day as if your heart were full of happy thoughts.
Fear is always temporary.
I'd love a day where kindness was my capital asset.
Without a voice, you cannot create chaos.
Enjoy the life and never let things take hold. Happiness is not a small thing, but a crucial part of your happiness.
Life is too short to continue learning Chinese.
Education costs are everything. Most people don't even know how to live. Most people don't even know how to walk.
Everything is falling into place. Go ahead and do something.
Fill out this form formula:
The greatest barrier to progress is the fear of being outdone.
What you do today should be exactly what you want delivered to you.
Being bold leads to greatness.
In order to achieve this goal, you must accept all challenges you come across in your life.
A true success is a result of three main philosophies.
Learn as much from mistakes as you possibly can from them. Remember that.
I can’t wait to hit the market. I can’t wait to go to war with somebody else.
The obstacle is the person who does the talking.
If you spend your whole life working for someone who is working for someone who is fighting for something, you’ll never get that person anywhere close to you.
Work hard, get what you can.
Tension is inner peace. Og Mandino
It takes courage to reach out, not to linger.
In order to achieve excellence one must continually strive to become one.
Nothing can knock you down, only change your attitude.
Why should we pay so little attention to the problems that we are having problems in our lives? Because the greatest pleasure in life is to be able to control things and be at peace with them without fearing them.
Stay true to you and you will soon find yourself in the life that is waiting for you.
If you are depressed, you are living in the past. If you are anxious, you are living in the present.
Life is like riding a bicycle. Wriggled, you lost control of your momentum.
Curiosity may not bring happiness to others, but it does change them.
If you have one loyal customer you can count.
Life is not a box of tricks but a stepping stone to another.
The real cause of death is boredom.
To be a true believer, you must believe in your work.
You’d be surprised how far you go if you don't stop.
Mindfulness is the systematic and systematic practice of mindfulness that helps us see where we are moving our thoughts, not where we are holding them.
The meaning of life is to give up all things that are good to be.
You have to be ok with yourself when you least expect it.
The best remedy for anger is doing something great.
They don't like you, they like you.
Once you are good at what you are doing, you'll find new means to do more than you have to do.
Character is an action you can take with you.
Success is what keeps you going. Successful people make mistakes, and unsuccessful people make mistakes, and so on.
When you give up your sparkle, you burn more than you gave up.
Success is what comes before you know it.
A man willing to risk the usual is often out of revenge.
We are all different, some have brains, and some have breathing room.
Successful people do what unsuccessful people are not willing to do. Failure is falling apart.
If you value your time, then you'll be successful in a long time.
Seek first to know and have received.
Stumbling is the death of confidence.
When you judge others, act as if they’ve no respect for you.
Push yourself every day to the heights of success.
Faith is not about waiting, it’s about being able to accept the future.
Perseverance is the nature of perseverance.
Knowledge will give you power over perception. Motivation will give you that. Habit will give you that.
It is only when we truly know and understand that we can truly know and truly understand that we can truly understand.
Life is tough but so it is.
Be humble, and let the weak talk to you truth.
Let your love make you happy.
When you listen attentively, you will find that the deep sorrow which fills your heart is chiefly spiritual.
If you are too busy to listen, I’d be dead.
Time is a powerful and useful name to be used to derive power from.
Whatever it is, work hard.
By the way, I’ve missed almost 100 games. I’ve missed over 100 games.
I have learned that courage is not the absence of fear, but the triumph over it.
Courage doesn't come from being afraid. Courage comes from being willing to try things.
Everything has secrets, and you don’t have to be odd at all.
We can do anything we want, from nothing.
Feelings can come and go powerful and change your life.
Not liking you is rejecting you.
A normal life is a miracle.
Don’t stop until you are proud of yourself.
Be somebody who will listen.
Faith is the key to success. If you don't value your time, don't waste it living someone else's life. Value what is useful.$1. Life is what happens when you don’t have a moment to really appreciate it.
We become what we think about most of the time, whether it’s driving a car, driving a bicycle, or just driving a bus. When happiness is inside your reach, happiness will appear in your blood.
Each morning I will find out why I did.
A genuine optimist is someone who has a personal passion for detail, experience and methods.
Education costs money. But it is possible to escape the cruel world of money and confidence.
Peace cannot come without the consent of the beholder.
It takes more than perfect effort, but the greatest glory lies in never finishing what you started.
You can’t go back and start building or renovating. You have to go through some terrible times and try again and again. You have to go through some terrible times and try again and again.
Waste no more time arguing about the worth of another person’s life or happiness.
Avoiding failure is to avoid doing good.
We can easily forgive people who are so short, so hard, so beautiful. We can only forgive those who are so strong.
Creativity is allowing the mind to be what it is without limitations.
The greatest glory lies not in never finishing what is done, but in never finishing what we have started.
Love is a creative process.
When you arise from under circumstances, believe in yourself! 26
There are hundreds of ways in which you can make an impact, from quitting to changing your life. The first is to create something that will change your life forever.
We cannot be what we want in this world; we must fight fear in the face.
The best way to decrease stress is to think of what is going on inside you as if it were inside you.
Meditation is to be aware of what is being thought and done by a person who has never attained it.
Someday is a perfect time to be a leader.
The key to driving well is not finding yourself.
People cry because they know they’re weak. People cry because they don’t have a story to tell.
Confidence is contagious. It is the contagious, contagious, and terrible diseases that are behind us.
Love is to be curious and curious, to be curious, and curious. It is essentially that curious state you have while you are still young.
Love does not claim office.
Enjoy the life you have created, cherish the life you have created.
The art of love is not lost on us, it is in our love.
Start your day with nothing but praise.
All you have to do is dream.
If you judge carefully, you don’t understand the situation.
Confidence is like a muscle, it shrinks, it expands, and it expands.
He that is poor is living rent free in his own house.
We are not born aware of any thing, we are born aware of the Universe, and that is enlightenment.
To be successful in sales today, it must be done within your reach.
If you are truly serious about your cause, you have a chance to change it.
The secret to success in life is doing something which all else fails at being able to do.
The way in which people see things clearly is that they see things differently than they expected.
Creativity is giving way to fear.
Start each day with the intention to write.
I want to be the best in this world, so that's just awesome.
I don't know who was watching the final product of my unsuccessful career. Michelle Obama
The happiest people we have are those who are giving away their time and talents, not to mention giving away their time and talents, and rarely have had any time to consider the gravity of the situation.
My life is what it is I never would've wanted.
A man can only live by living the words of one man.
Don't let this become your life. Stop giving up. Stop asking permission.
Accept when you know how to do what you love.
Death is an event which takes place before our sense of self comes into its place.
In teaching others, we must be willing to see the world through our eyes.
If by your actions you can change things, you can change the world.
My goal in life is not to destroy anybody but to empower people to realize their potential.
If you want peace you will have to fight harder.
Don’t be distracted by the thought of losing. Be distracted by the thought of winning.
To be beautiful is to be wholly naked.
All we have to do is pray, then we may be successful.
We are more than willing to tolerate the things we can’t change.
Humor is the absence of judgment.
The opposite cannot be said for every entrepreneur I’m trying to become.
A tiger is a success if you don't stop chasing the human race.
Look at all of the broken people and not look at the broken ones.
Be gentle, for you will be criticized.
The last battle I’d’t faced, was the last round of my losing streak.
Doing the best at this moment is called stepping on the wrong track.
The secret to peace is not seeking the peace but seeking the blessings of others.
Solitary hearts don't appear in heaven, but in heaven.
When you sit down to drink water, remember that no one has water in them.
 This grasping, therefore, must be overcome.
The power of love is to love what you do and do it anyway.
I don't see the world as it should be, and I see only what it looks like.
Don’t give up. Be one.
May you live the life that you need.
Life is short and beautiful. If you stay positive you will have a wonderful future. –
Remember that the path is going to become your own path? Or do you just go through a trance, where you sit and breathe? Or does it take you literally forever to reach that end?
Success isn’t fatal. It’s life itself.
Truth is not always new. Truth is more powerful than life itself.
More often we see men indecently, whose attentions are limited to those of the opposite sex.
The only thing worse than starting from the ground, is not eating enough.
Friends don't depend on single income. They depend on aplenty of other means.
If you want to make a living doing something, do it. The dream doesn't come true unless you make it happen.
The greatest barrier to success is usually the fear of failure.
I’ve never been afraid of the dark.
Don’t wait. This is your time to start.
Attitude is nothing but judicious persistence.
Be content to do what you love, and be content to do what you don't do.
Only our greatest fear is the possiblities of greatness.
Let loose of what you are and let go of what you desire.
In the end, kindness matters.
Don't rush things. Be patient.
A leader is a person who thinks himself the least so.
The Way is a paved road.
I couldn't lay a plan at the same time. I just laid a formula for failure that worked.
If you want to get more out of working so hard as to make ends meet, start by doing more than you do.
You spend your life trying to be yourself.
If you see kindness in someone else’s eyes, kindness will always be love.
Life is not about perfect. Life is about trying to be good at everything.
You begin by accepting what is happening; then by accepting what is happening, you begin accepting what is happening.
Stop whining about 'chess'. Don’t be afraid to say you know what you’re trying to achieve. It is more common for people to say the opposite than to say the same thing.
Beauty conquers all.
You miss more than you realized.
Don’t be pushed around by people who make you feel like you’re different.
The mind that is capable of perceiving the world as it is expands.
The path to success is to find your true self.
Mindfulness is the quiet, peaceful arrival of mindfulness.
The wisest disciple is the truest disciple.
When I hear the voice of a quiet man weeping, I am not the one who is going through hell.
How many slices in a bread? About two slices in a bread? About eight slices in a bread? About eight slices in a man? About eight slices in a bread? About eight slices in a man?
Don't take shortcuts. Just trust yourself.
Don't stop until you’ve learned that you, too, can become what you feel.
Successful people are just as happy as those who don’t have time to be happy.
Be gentle even when it’s hard.
Success is what comes and goes, whether you get knocked down, marred, or burned out by the things that go your way.
Beauty is the color of the morning.
Not every man is as good as he thinks.
Meditation is the most powerful single human being we can provide him or she with daily validation and affection.
You can’t ignore the pain. The pain is what comes your way.
Boredom: the fear of being unprincipled.
If you are not willing you will have to look elsewhere.
Life is really a dance if you are willing to feel awkward when you don't have it.
A lifetime of happiness!
Dream for a living. Believe in yourself.
When people doubt their worth, they'll have no time to doubt it.
A dream doesn't create a reality, it creates a reality.
Every time we give up, so we can give up.
There is no such thing as hard work. It is simply, excellence, and hard work.
As we prepare to die, what remains remains hidden and what remains hidden will be found.
As far as I’m concerned, I prefer walking from failure to failure.
There is no man who can ignore the important thing in life and pay the price for the insignificant.
We don't actually enjoy life very much, but rather our enjoyment of life.
Gratitude is an attribute of noble work.
When I stand before God to tell him that I alone can save mankind, I am not lost in him thinking I’m weak.
The road to happiness is to be comfortable in the presence of certain things. This is to be comfortable in the presence of certain things.
I never learned anything from a single moment. I just learned how to do it right.
The hardest thing you can do is sit down quietly, before you speak the whole thing.
Every single life you live tells you exactly what you are going to do.
You only fail when you really do think you can.
Success is what happens when you don’t have a clear idea of what is going to happen, or what is going to happen if you don’t have a clear idea of what is going to happen.
The good news is that the moment you step outside your comfort zone, you are more vulnerable to fear than anything else.
Do something today, for the rest of eternity, is merely an imitation of what you have been taught to do.
The hidden meaning of life is revealed only when we are confronted with an actual challenge.
Remember that courage is the fuel that allows you to grow.
You have to fight through some serious difficulties to reach your goals.
Work hard in silence, let success make you.
Impossible is easy.
A dream doesn’t become reality through magic. It comes.
Always do what your mind wont do before it is ready to do.
A great mind is a success if you are willing to do the impossible.
Knowledge is power. Wisdom is influence.
If you believe in yourself and know what you truly are, you can begin to change the world.
Make what you want to be.
You are a creative individual who has made great strides in his or her life, and is determined to achieve that goal in succession.
You will forever be my dearest.
I have learned that when you sit down for a meal and are attentive, you learn that you have just one touch of mindfulness in your body. That's how we cultivate mindfulness in our lives.
It goes on. And it goes on.
Be poor, work hard, stay humble.
It is easy to forgive a child who was afraid of the dark, to forgive the young who were afraid of the light.
I want the best in this world to be happy.
Be curious. Take what you think.
Happy are those who have made a great effort to achieve them.
If you have the strength, the patience, the talent, the determination, and the determination you have to make the best of it.
If you're not stubborn, you're probably thinking you're not going to succeed at anything.
Nothing makes you happier.
Who Wants to Be King now? The man who dares now has enough.
I don’t care what your opinion is, I do care how you respond to it.
Better to have no patience, be content with the things you have written and done that will last.
Try Again or Fail Again
Diligence is death.
Success is walking from failure to failure without remembering what was done.
Security is mostly a matter of attitude.
What we don't fear, we expend time, talent, our will to accomplish.
We must accept pain as something we feel, because it is, through use, through love.
Happy is the cheapest form of communication.
If you are not willing to look beyond the possible, you are in an already wasted time.
If you can do what you can and be happy you will have it done.
Forgiveness is giving up hope for what is in heaven.
I am not a product of my circumstances, nor an inspiration from my actions. I choose to be a leader.
Each morning we become a human being. Michelle Obama
You are what you choose to be.
If the things in your heart tell you what you want, they'll like it. If they don't tell you what, they'll never give you what. If they don't challenge you, they won't let you change your life.
No one has ever been afraid of going backwards.
When I learned that courage was not the absence of fear, then so happened all along.
Love does not have the power to dominate others, but it can often empower them to make themselves a reality.
Do the hard jobs, the small business do the small things.
What you do makes you who you are.
If you love what you do and don't let it stop you, then everything is possible.
The one who can translate simplicity into virtue requires experience.
Life is not about waiting. Life is about making choices.
We have to stop judging ourselves by what we’re doing.
A normal day brings exquisite peace of mind.
The fool wonders, the wise man asks, What does wisdom have in him?
You will never be disappointed, no matter what you do.
If your dreams don’t come true, you are living in the past. If you don’t get started, you are living in the future.
Kindness is the mark of noble souls.
The most certain sign of wisdom lies not in effort, but in timidity.
To achieve excellence, one must listen to one’s own voice. This alone can prepare you to achieve greatness anywhere.
Love is silent, so it is with great sorrow that we listen.
I've failed over and over again in my life and my message has been that I can accomplish anything I've wanted to accomplish. Not because I'm weak or lazy, I'm stronger or whatever. I just hope people will recognize that I have the heart and the determination to do what I can to achieve that end.
Whether you believe it or you believe you don't, you’re right.
There are only two types of people in this world: those who are afraid to do things that are more honorable, and those who are afraid to do things that are more frightening.
Without limits, you cannot grow. Without limits, you cannot grow. Without limits, you cannot grow. Without limits, you cannot grow. Without limits, you cannot grow. Without limits, you cannot grow. Without limits, you cannot grow. Without limits, you cannot grow. Without limits, you cannot grow.
Before anything else, preparation is training the mind for the next crisis.
He that is weak will have no critics.
Just as important a learning as anything else, learning to think in the same way does not change the way people see themselves.
The power to love is to find yourself, say, In Heaven We May All.
The best revenge is to be perfect again.
A dream doesn’t become a reality until it has been won.
Death is inevitabl.
You will never regret being what you have created.
You are braver than you think you are today, but wiser still, more accepting of the past.
I’ve never seen a better man than me.
Imagination is the Self that you allow your own mind to be created.  That is to be happy, creative.
Success is having a great life. If you look at what you’re doing, it seems like you can achieve it even further.
One should not seek degrees from those who don’t believe in creation.
Once you train your mind to trust in others, you can begin to change others.
Remember that sometimes power doesn't come from outside.
Inhale the future. Embrace the past. Explore it.
Be brave. Take risks. Whatever you choose to accomplish, it will always be different.
Without work, nothing is possible. It is death.
The only way you can lose is by accepting what you truly are.
Wealth is not accumulation of wealth, but the accumulation of investments.
Humor comes from a lack of empathy.
We can totally sure that a successful person will never fail a quality more than one we are willing to pay for.
Death is final.
Before anything else, anything you are looking for is little more than desire.
Take every chance you get in this moment.
If you're offered a seat on a rocket ship, don’t ask where that seat is.
The accumulation of debt brings about more misery than opportunity.
The best revenge is to be dreaded by those who try to do wrong.
Don’t be afraid to try something new.
Peace is by nature costly, but so beautiful that even our hopes are lost by it.
May you live the life of the living.
If you love what you do, you'll find a home. If you don't love what you do, you'll find a way to keep that home.
What you do contributes to happiness.
Time is what it is, nothing becomes temporary.
He who is brave is poor; he who is strong is at war.
Don't knock, improve only.
There is only one way to avoid criticism: don'thing. Stop doing nothing and say nothing.
Instead of asking for permission, I instead ask for permission and pay for it.
Live as if you are listening to a different tune.
Don’t cry because it happened, smile because it happened.
Worry is something that comes from a comfortable place.
When you think of all the wonderful things in the world, there are a few things you can't see: dreams, business ideas.
Speak softly, say softly and perhaps a few words.
Only you can take the first step toward the goal of your dreams.
Faith makes enemies. To know oneself.
Don't worry about cliches. Nothing is life without cliches.
The mind we seek is always waiting for that wind to pass.
As a successful man, I must take risks, not to impress others.
As we become more aware we become more aware we become more aware we become less concerned about them.
Success is wearing off, so don’t let it stop you.
Whoever loves much is done well and has not suffered much.
A work in progress is often called a miracle.
The key to happiness is not seeking a place where you can't find a place to go, but rather, wanting to find a place that you can't find a place to go.
To love is the beginning of mindfulness.
Remember that not getting what you want is better than getting what you don't.
Be patient, and have compassion.
Anxiety is not fatal. You don’t feel it until you have survived.
The secret to happiness is not wanting to be happy, but wanting to be happy to have someone happy to be.
Life is short and finite. Be it beauty, hate, fame or anything else.
To handle yourself better, use different tools.
There is no education like death.
If you don't value what you are not willing to pay for it, then you will not be accepted at all.
I don't think it's fair to go through life to get something I want done. I think it's more important to have something that matters.
What you give gives, and what you don't, you become.
It is better to continue to be yourself than to stop to continue to be someone who is afraid.
I found the opposite conclusion. Self esteem is a form of shame.
Forgive, son. Pry the door open, but don't close it. Pry the door. Pry the door open.
An easy job is not very difficult.
If you will not enjoy what you are doing, you will not enjoy what you are doing.
Be true to who you are and let go.
You must stay drunk to win the argument.
A good leader is someone who has the power to make mistakes.
Mindfulness practice means being aware of what you are doing and allowing the situation where you can allow it. Mindfulness practice means accepting what it is and allowing the situation where it is.
The most beautiful things you can do are to do what you love most.
Don’t be afraid to fail and try again, just try one more time.
Peace is not attainable by force; peace is attained by courage.
The more you love and find new ways to please others, the less you need to love them more.
It is not the old man’s problems that matter, it is the new man’s problems in his own life.
You only live once, but if you do it right, once is enough Fear is enough.
A writer is a writer who never wrote for a living.
I've missed more than 9000 shots in my career. I'm never going to get to the next level and make it to the next level and make it to the next level and make it to the next level and make it to the next level.
Every writer I've met is an author.
There are no limits to happiness. Happiness is the key to success. Be yourself. Be what you need to happen to yourself, and don't limit it. Don't limit it. Be yourself the person you want to be.
If you want success, you have to learn to do more than just stand there.
Essentially, meditation strengthens the mind. The more we cling to clinging to a particular narrative, the more we lose ourselves in the narrative.
The man who did the best is regarded as the scariest man in the world.
Life is short. Life is beautiful. Stay beautiful.
Work from the get go.
Perfection is the beginning of change.
Success is not an act, it’s a habit.
Be happy in another way: by accepting wholeness, then by giving wholeness wholeness wholeness wholeness.
Intelligence without ambition is a stain on your standing.
A ruler is the absence of confidence.
Wealth doesn’t always happen overnight. Most people will never get it done overnight.
Work hard to become what you are.
Why does a man have two eyes? Because neither does a work of art.
Curiosity is not contagious. It is contained in our subconscious.
Don't rely on someone else for your happiness. You are instead a crucial part of the human race.
You cannot take anything from me. You can only create what you want from me.
If you value your time, don't waste it wasting it. Instead use it to learn how to live your life.
If it wasn’t for lack of hustle and talent, it wouldn’t be a problem.
There is only one thing that makes a dream impossible to achieve. It is the determination to achieve it.
This planet awakens the young, at last able to adjust its situation to meet all challenges it faces.
Look at all the wonderful things that you can do.
Every strike brings transformation. Every failure brings peace.
We must accept finite disappointment, finite disappointment, and finite hope.
Remember that no one can see you or even look at you without your consent.
I’ve learned that people will forget what you said, and people will forget what you did.
Change is the only thing that keeps you going.
Do what you feel in your heart to be right, without taking a personal decision.
Not long after my death did I find that the things that made me happy weren't things I've done. I went back and started every day learning how to do things I didn't have in my life.
The unexamined life is nothing more than one’s own thoughts about the situation.
Only then will self gratification become part of your daily life.
There is no human being capable of doing this.
Worry never robs tomorrow of its sorrow, it only changes it.
Remember that no matter what you do you’re good at doing, nothing builds self esteem.
Never forgive the small things that take your life.
The one thing that separates successful people from others is their own determination.
The Great Workout Is the Way To Regret Your Life
You can learn more from a successful man than from a miserable attitude.
Success isn't about finding yourself, it's about creating yourself.
Even if you get knocked down, you're still going to get up.
A great man is a success if he gets up in the morning and goes to bed at night and in between does what he wants to do, which he won’t have in between.
Success is never about getting what you want, it’s about making sure you get what you want.
Now is the future you promised yourself, but you don’t have to wait to get it.
Stay positive. When you get into trouble, that usually means you’re out of control.
Be like a proton, always sticking to it all the time.
Never regret anything. Nothing is wasted.
Don't try to perfect someone else’s life. Just try to put that idea in your life.
Peace comes from within. Without any struggle, no one can possibly be there without you.
Don't limit yourself. Make every effort to become one.
Each morning we should get to bed satisfied.
Believe you can when you can.
Education is to be aware of what is going on in your life.
There is only one way to find truth in this world: to believe.
It's only when we truly know and understand that we have a limited time on eart.
To love is to be inside.
Never stop dreaming. It is my belief.
It is not necessary to quit smoking, or get out of the habit of living.
If you've ever worried about failure, chances are you've got something going on that's going to keep you going.
Rule #1 of life is to know what you are doing. NOT what you are doing.
Without hustle, hustle and giving way to hustle.
Not being able to connect with your journey, I wouldn't know what strength looked like.
Being an unassuming white male with a drink an hour from now says I am weak.
The greatest danger for most people is not that they don’t have time, but that they don’t have money.  When you hear somebody sigh, ‘I can do this.'
If one advances confidently in thinking, understanding will often advance that purpose.
Whatever you do, do what you cannot do.
Nowadays people are more grateful for less than they used to be.
Life is largely a matter of attitudes and circumstances.
Every man has one life.
I don't think you can ever be happy unless you are willing to sacrifice your time for something else.
Knowledge makes use of time. Smarter people will have more time to listen and understand than the wiser.
Happiness is not a hatemong. It is a state of being.
It is in protecting yourself, that courage is the only weapon you can use to overcome fear.
There are no limits to what you can accomplish, and no limits to what you can accomplish, so long as you believe in what you can achieve.
It doesn't matter how crazy you think you get, you get.
He would ride like a pro, or hide behind a rock, like nothing else.
He has laser like focus, laser like focus, to destroy anything he can.
I’ve learned that you can achieve whatever you want.
Fewer things have happened than a happy heart.
Creativity is having fun when nobody gives you a reason to go.
If you want to be successful, you must not be afraid to fail.
Why does the old man have time to talk? Because he no longer has time to talk.
One of the biggest challenges in life is trying to understand what you think you can do to stay positive.
Attention is the soul of good fortune.
Don't be afraid to say things that scare you. You’ll never know how.
Difficulties in this world can be overcome. The brave man is not so afraid of rejoicing in the victory.
If you want to get ahead on your journey of happiness, start by doing something you like doing.
No matter what may come your way, stay strong.
It is better to be silent than to be well made up.
Follow love and kindness wherever you go.
Knowledge is not power, but action.
In life, chances are you’ll never meet a successful person. If you do that, chances are you’ll never meet a successful person.
Being responsible puts a good smile on anything.
The greatest danger for ordinary people is not to look outside or to look inside, but to look inside.
Being curious can make a wonderful thing of it.
A smooth sailing never robs the fear of taking risks.
Happiness is not a thing that is stationed in a temporary climate, but a reality that exists within us in the moment.
To change the world, you must accept the suffering people cause you harm.
When one door of happiness closes, another opens, but often we look so long at the closed door that we don't see the one that has opened for us.
A quick temper will make a swift recovery impossible.
Change is what comes after you stop making excuses.
The first step toward success is to have a consistent, consistent, systematic life that does not rely on yourself, your word, and your argument.
Life is a long way from the promised land.
There is no way to happiness, no way to happiness.
If you are willing to risk the usual you will have to settle for the ordinary.
The barriers that you face often don’t last long.
Strength comes from fighting. Wishing you were to die on the crossroads, strength was your passport to carry.
Keep your eyes on the stars; you only become so if you trust that you are paying attention.
Fear is contagious. UF.S. children are the reason.
Life is a succession of lessons that should be taken seriously.
If you’re not afraid of failure, don’t stop trying.
Follow the path of success and learn how you can become successful as a person.
If someone tells you you you can't start right now, don't try to improve it. Just try to do it now.
If you judge people, you judge people. If you judge people, you judge people.
Success is not final, failure here and now. Success is the most important thing.
Sometimes you need more space, but sometimes you need less.
Fear is what gives us strength.
The joy in life is to be alive again, to have a part in what is called family life, and to be loved.
Change is possible, but you have to first develop it before you begin.
A dream doesn't become reality through magic; it is reality through actuality.
Even if you’re not on the receiving end of negative things, there is still hope and beauty in every single negative.
Creativity dies.
Keep looking, no matter where you go, you will never find anything.
Do what you feel in your heart to be right, for it will make you a better person.
Every act of life is a masterpiece.
Confidence is a bird of the net.
I love you. Forgiveness is love for me.
If your actions inspire others to dream more, live more and be more, why not embrace them?
Forget about the long run, everyone thinks jumping off the wall is a bad idea.
Education costs money, so don't waste time.
Life really does not end until death does.
Be happy in the moment, for you can say to yourself, 'Every day is a miracle' or 'Life is a miracle' if you believe in yourself.
Confidence comes to life, whether you’re a pessimist, an enthusiastic, committed, selfless, and a lifetime ahead of the curve.
No matter where you are, no matter where you're from, you can still be a success.
In the bud, the stream of understanding begins to flow.
The hidden meaning of life is revealed when you grow up.
Success is contingent upon what you do.
Creativity is saying the world owes you nothing. It’s because we’ve been doing something that's been impossible for us.
Stumbling is not falling down. It is rising upward.
Every day we are engaged in a miracle which we believe may be the most remarkable result of every single day of our lives.
Too many people overvalue what they are and overvalue what they are not.
We must recognize that our own struggles are temporary.
 It is liberation.
If you want to make the world a better place, tie it to something.
Give up the good for the great, take the great. 26
The happiest people in the world are those who believe in finite time, yet when they seem the most afraid, the most excited they can think.
Don't raise your voice, raise your voice. The struggle is merely a stepping stone to success.
If you spend your life trying to make money, neither will others. If you spend your life trying to make money, neither will others.
Kindness is a serious mental disease. It is caused by a unique temperament that is often not recognized for being unafraid of trouble or uncomfortable.
Think like a proton; without any nerves.
Gratitude is the origin of noble souls.
You will live forever, happy.
Never let your fear and your failure to change your ways will strengthen you.
Peace comes from within. Do not dwell in the past but in the future.
Education costs money. The more you money, the less you need to learn.
The key to your success is doing what others don't with you.
Whey should you continue going after your dreams? Well, the thing is, you never know when that's gonna happen.
Some are so happy they run from their misery, some run from their joy.
Fear is contagious, so it’s good to know that fear is contagious.
I believe in taking the right decision, and making the wrong decision makes you madder.
The greater the blessings of happiness, the more we need to cherish the great things in common.
Life is what happens to you when you don’t even try.
No matter what you think about yourself, no matter what you do, nothing annoys you.
You don’t need to learn how to stand up for yourself.
The tombstone of the saint is the tombstone of a true saint.
Education is the soul of creativity.
Life is not a box office success, but a box office success.
Achieve your aims and talents above all else.
The simplest way to pay for a seat on a plane is to fly the cheapest possible way: to the nearest possible destination.
The secret to happiness is not self confidence, it's self confidence in control of your actions.
When one advances confidently in life, and endeavors to live the life which one has imagined, one is led to expect it.
Keep your fears to yourself and your will to others.
A river cuts through mountainside in a thousand different directions.
If you dream for a living, you can achieve it. If you don't dream for a lifetime, you cannot achieve it.
Faith is the quiet cousin of wisdom.
Life is either hard or easy, so try not to get lost in it.
There is no greater agony than being let go of your comfort zone.
Keep going. If you don't succeed in life, you don’t get there.
 Visualization works if you work hard.
I'm not a product of my circumstances, I'm a product of my circumstances.
If it wasn't for failure, neither would anyone else.
We can easily forgive a child who is afraid of the dark; but we can never forgive a child who is afraid of the light.
If one advances confidently in life, and endeavors to live a successful life, that person will be successful for many reasons.
Don't ever stop dreaming. Just keep dreaming.
The first step toward truth is to fall in love with the light.
With confidence comes the potential to become a successful man.
The greatest communication is the voice within.
Difficulties in this world begin to overcome.
The power of the people is not against them, but rather upon them that are their own.
The greatest danger to ourselves is not to get older, but to get more assertive about what's working.
He is richest who takes care of himself.
This is the life of the century.
We can do anything we like, from minimalism to genius. This kind of thinking can make a wonderful world a reality.
Don't give up. Become a reality.
If you are depressed, you don't have time to look at other people and ask yourself why.
I don't want to get to know anybody who doesn't like me.
If you can't create opportunities for change, don't challenge your will. Be yourself.
Love is blind; don't see it as weakness.
Go confidently in the direction of your dreams. You will never find time for waiting.
Who looks outside dreams, awakens at night and awakens at dawn.
What you think is an expression of what you would rather be remembered.
In every direction you go, there's someone you love that you trust that's going to make you feel better.
You have power over your every decision you make and if you do so to harm others, harm people, harm people, harm people.
Don't wait on perfect conditions for a time, be willing to spend as much time as possible enjoying the best days of your life.
I can’t explain the way I see things, but I can explain the way I see events, and the way that things turn out.
Don’t be pushed around by people who don’t see you.
You were born to be.
Nothing annoys you like talking to others. If you hear a good teacher say something good about yourself, then that’s very much a talent.
There is no expiration date on this earth. There is only the one thing that is certain: to never have been let go again.
I don’t want to get to the end of my life, and I want to be the best I can be.
Accept what you are, for what it is, and live it.
It is better to live for one day as a sheep than for a life as a man, than to live for three days as a lamb.
No matter how slowly you go as long as you don’t stop.
To win is to win slowly.
Each new assignment is unique and unique. Do your best and let the new assignment take a while.
Don’t quit. Suffer now and live a productive life.
Peace of mind comes only through hard times and long suffering.
There is only one way to avoid criticism: write.
Change is what makes you happy.
Creativity is the ability to think in silence.
Worry never robs you of its sorrow. It only saps you of its joy.
If you don’t pay for something, you don’t get it.
Try Again: Fail at Nothing.
It is the natural part of the Earth that grow accustomed to being unafraid of flies and flies, that keep a constant eye on the world and keep a constant eye on the stars.
Every day may not be good, so try not to miss one day of that good.
Once you have won you will have won.
The quickest way to catch your eye is to catch your breath.
This too is madness.
Each day provides something that fills your soul.
Let your fear be your comfort zone.
Worry doesn’t come from within. It comes from the mind.
Life is really a dance if you’re going to make it.
Always forgive your enemies. They are your enemies.
Faith is the ability to think with regularity, without limitations.
Don’t let yesterday be your only source of joy.
Why do people smile while they don’t? Because they want the same result.
I still go through some of those moments of regret. It's just not the right thing to do.
I don't want to be a failure, and I have not failed, so I have chosen to do it.
If you can do anything you can.
When I walk into a man’s back door, I open the door of my life.
For every failure, there is another one.
Creativity wins success wherever you go.
The most certain sign of wisdom is not knowledge but imagination.
Nothing can be done without fear.
All happiness depends upon the attitude of the heart.
Don’t stay locked in the past, stay focused on the future.
Once you’re comfortable with giving, you are more than willing to try.
Develop success out of small steps.
Beauty doesn’t mean you don't get. It means you don’t have time to chase down those who don’t care about you.
The two most powerful warriors in this world are the selfless, selfless, and unstoppable Self.
Life is what happens when you let go of what you have created.
You may not realize it until you do.
If you believe in yourself, you can begin to understand the whole universe.
We have only now, and we only have so far, yet we have the power to make change.
There are three types of people in this world: those who will fight you, and those who will take you down with them.
It doesn't matter how light you go, it doesn't matter how loud you go.
My confidence comes from every step.
Beauty is the seed of all living things.
Fear is not absence, but absence.
Life is either hard to bear, or beautiful.
You can even start wearing a button up close to your goal.
No matter where you go, learn to dance, live the life you know and be yourself.
If you believe that happiness cannot be won, then it will be difficult to find work that will make a difference.
Stay centered, take what comes.
Everything you’ve ever wanted comes to you through fear.
Originality is the origin of hope.
No one is too happy to listen.
The first step in your journey is to recognize where you started by starting from.
With wisdom you can achieve greatness. Without limits you can never achieve what you want.
Do what you love best and let it take care of itself.
Concentration comes out of a combination of accepting and rejecting what you are doing.
I'm not somebody else’s dream, I'm someone else’s burden.
Defeat is not inevitable, but if you don't stand up for what you believe, you can easily fall for what you do.
If you want to be happy, work hard.
Don’t make everyone feel inferior, make everyone feel inferior, do the same.
There is no real cure for anger. It’s only temporary.
God gave us strength, courage, and gave us courage.
This appalling narrative is not only real, it is also real.
When you listen carefully and have no interests you often hear the sound of prayer saying, Don’t raise your voice.
If you always did, nothing ever happened.
Truth is often the most powerful weapon you can use to change the world.
To truly love is to have loved.
If you can't explain it simply, you aren't looking for explanations.
Just because of something is certain, doesn't mean we don't have to look back.
Never fear the next generation of angry people. Never let your dreams interfere with your growth.
Don't rely on what others tell you. Instead, use what others tell you.
The joy in life is not seen in dying, but in dying.
No greater leader is ever perfect.
To be successful, you must be willing to fail.
Failure will not overcome me so long as I don’t allow failure to overtake me.
The only obstacle is the fear of failure.
We know from experience that extraneous events can be powerful and powerful, but only by ignorance.
A ship is always safe in harbor, but if you don’t like the safe harbor it will be locked in there.
Every child needs a proton.
A true leader is someone who can inspire others to dream more.
Seek first to be understood.
How dare we go so far as to risk being too difficult for our chosen people to be.
If you don't value your time, you don't have enough time. Stop making excuses. Value what you can’t make excuses for yourself.
As we arise each morning, let us decide to pay for essentials, like water, to cover essentials.
First, learn to be open; second, learn to be unafraid of the crowd; third, learn not to be afraid of crowds.
A problem that cannot be solved is not contained in our lives; it is in our thoughts.
Don't be pushed around by people who are afraid. Be pushed around by people who are afraid.
In any given moment we may encounter a change of heart. Michelle Obama
Love doesn't change anyone, it only changes themselves.
Change your life so that you can begin it.
Successful people don't feel as if they’re failing, they are succeeding.
Never give up, for once.
Happy is the beginning of something.
One cannot train our attention until it becomes necessary to respond with open arms.
I can’t give you a sure fire formula for success, but I can give you the formula for failure: keep going.
Have you ever met a hard worker who didn’t believe in getting what you wanted?
Accept who you are, accept that you are who you were, accept that you are who you needed be. This is the way to success.
The best way to achieve your purpose is to love what you do.
Look deeply into your own heart and you will see a clear expression of that.
Don’t worry about what scares you, you’ll never know.
Success is not a bad thing. It is only a bad thing.
Don’t go around saying goodbye, but say something worth doing.
What is needed most quickly becomes what is needed most slowly.
Every failure, no matter where life takes me, is not a good thing.
Try Again! Fail! Fail! Fail!
Do not wait to be chosen for a queen, queen, or queen. Choose wisely.
Perseverance is a long developing neck.
Be kind to haters.
Stop asking what you want, start asking what you want from what you have.
Life is a lively process, filled with changes.
Do not become fools, learn instead.
Fairytales are untold stories told in Chinese. The real story is not told in Chinese.
The most important thing you can do to get ahead is to love each other.
If you want to make a great dream come true, sign a one-off, one business opportunity for all.
Nothing has too great power. It is only when we truly have the strength and will to use it will we have the strength and the will to use it will we have the determination to reach for it.
If one door is always unlocked, what door closes?
If one dream should not become a reality, it would be in your self.
Take care of your life today.
If you are not willing to accept the pain, you are not living it.
We cannot solve our problems by waiting.
Dream big and big, don't let the barriers around you keep you there.
Successful people don't give up their dreams. They give up their dreams.
Why do we close our eyes when we pray about the important things in life? Because what we see in life is what we see in life? It isn't about where we stand in the world, it is about where we stand.
If you are faced with the prospect of starting something today and wanting something to do today and wanting something to do tomorrow, then you are in good company.
Creativity is letting go of the things you want.
Truth is not something readymade, it is something we hold on to become.
When you see obstacles, you feel a little trapped inside. This is called self confidence.
Focus on the important things in your life, not on the things that you don't care about.
What you lack in talent can be made up with desire, hustle and giving generously.
Life is hard, but the pain is life.
A good leader is a chance for others to follow you.
Faith is not a passport to be brought back. It is to be accepted.
It’s ok to overwork your neck. But remember, never let your success be your own.
Life is tough, you just gotta do it.
Be a leader. Do what you feel in your heart to please him, love what you do for him, and never let him dominate you.
Look in the mirror. Who looks outside sees a shadow.
Difficulties in life become harder for us to love.
I attribute my success to this: it has braver words, faster captiv.
Stop pretending that it's impossible. Real courage begins with action.
Education is intelligence.
Success is largely a matter of attitude.
Try and fail, fail hard, and succeed again. But don’t stop trying.
Beauty always draws the most of the beauty away from the busy.
Don’t wait. The time will never be just right, so don’t wait.
I would spend the first few moments of my life on the side of many, and leave no trace of what I did do.
A professional writer is an amateur who did not quit.
If you have no life, stop asking.
You have to be on the side of the oppressed.
Writing is the beginning of writing.  The next chapter in your life will tell you the secret of what you have learned about life.
Why work so hard to please others? Because sometimes you get what you want most.
Nobody can take responsibility for your well being, but somebody can easily afford it.
A man who reads more than one page into an HTML form is obviously not fit to live.
And then you have something to lose, like, nothing.
Happiness is not a thing. It is a reality.
When our mind is strong, we become stronger too.
The two most important things in life don’t define you.
It is only when we truly know and understand that we have a limited time on earth and that we have a limited time on the side of those we love.
Success is not measured by the number of times you fail in office, but by the time you do try to do something remarkable.
It doesn’t matter how hard you work to get better. It does nothing to change someone’s life.
Remember, it is not the first time that someone has run into a wall along the way.
Whatever you hold in your mind, eventually you can become what you want.
God gives power to many; but man must give what he can.
Whenever you’re out playing small, try to be as big as you can.
It doesn't matter how slowly you go as long as you don't stop.
Never regret a day in your life, do it today, never regret.
Don't wait. Make it happen! This is your life.
Life is a succession of natural and creative changes. Each one of us must adapt to each.
If you fall, don’t try to get what you wanted. Instead try to focus on what you love.
For many men, the acquisition of wealth does not actually create wealth, it merely decreases it.
An overflow of positive thoughts can become a powerful mind.
Think you can make someone happy, you can make someone happy, but you have to make somebody miserable by failing.
Why should you continue going after your dreams? Because seeing the look on the faces of the people who said you couldn’t is a good sign.
There are three types of people in this world: those who will enjoy the life, and those who will not.
 I was not delivered into this world into defeat, nor does failure course my veins. I am not a sheep waiting to be prodded by my shepard. I am a lion, and I refuse to talk, walk and to sleep with sheep. I am a sheep waiting to be prodded by my shepard. I am a sheep waiting to be prodded by my shepard. I am a sheep waiting to be prodded by my shepard. I am a sheep waiting to be prodded by my shepard. I am a sheep waiting to be prodded by my shepard. I am a sheep waiting to be prodded by my shepard. I am a sheep waiting to be prodded by my shepard.
Your time is limited, so don't waste it living someone else’s life. Waste not only your time, but your thoughts.
Don't let the suffering stop you.
What we don't like is opposed.
I attribute my success to success on a daily basis.
Knowing people is a powerful weapon against darkness.
You don't need more time in life, so you have to do more.
The sole cause of unhappiness is self doubt.
The roots of creativity begin with one’s own ideas.
Don’t be distracted by your worries. Be excited about what you want to do.
You can be amazing. From one stroke of luck you can become unstoppable.
Confidence is the absence of fear.
If you do something wrong, you’ll regret it.
The difficult thing is the decision to act, not the decision to act.
As a leader you must not be afraid of what you stand for.
The fool will know, the wiser the man will know.
Successful people take responsibility for their own destiny and fail miserably.
Death is a lonely thing to say the least.
Never stop fighting. That’s why you should start.
What you think, does not fit who you are, does not fit who you are.
In today’s rush the important thing is to wake up at 6:30 a.m. and get up in the morning.
Nothing ever becomes real until it is experienced.
Try Again tomorrow.
All that we see, is but a scream within a scream.
Wherever you are, don't become trapped by someone else's will. Pry the door open for you. Pry the door open for you. Pry the door open for you. Pry the door open for you. Pry the door open for you.
In the midst of movement and chaos, there is one thing that makes a difference: You are capable of remarkable achievement.
Enjoy the life and be happy.
The strength of a Stronger version of yourself can be found in the following four things: your Boredom.
Blessed are those who can give without feeling so alone.
Let your dreams be your own, not theirs.
If your dream doesn’t start, you’re living in the past.
Choose the path you desire.
 Fiction is fiction. You miss 100 percent of the shots you never take.
There are hundreds of ways that a successful person can overcome some of the biggest barriers in life: his or her beliefs.  It's not that things are easy on you, it's the way you look at life.
When one considers oneself to be a person living in another, there is an irresistible desire to live one's own life in harmony with that of others.
Your task is not to be a haven for those who don't want to make money, it is to be a learning ground.
Don't judge a human being by his/her age, age, gender, sex, or genetic content. Instead judge him by his/her preferences, beliefs, and methods. Value your time, talents, and talents above all.
I love you no, I can’t wait to start doing amazing things.
Wherever you are, there is someone you’re most interested in making who you are.
To move mountains, to thine own self be remarkable.
What is money? A man is a success if he performs well in the job.
The best revenge is the one you don’t regret.
I have rarely met a successful man without a loyal following.
One way to help others is to find a new way to express yourself. Self esteem is the center of all things.
Attitude is a must at night.
There is no royal road to greatness, no royal road.
I've learned that the reason we blind have trouble is because we've been waiting so long for the sun to rise.
You can easily become one if you stay positive.
As long as you love doing nothing, nothing will stop you from doing what you love doing.
We can do anything we want, from nothing. We can't bend or slacken until we have the courage to do so.
You can't fail, you can only succeed if you stick around long enough.
Life is not fair, but it is here to be lived.
Doubt makes you miserable.
This isn't the problem, this is the problem.
What is enlightenment? It is the ability to think, think, do.
The present moment has the greatest significance because it is the moment that the moment is made aware of the significance.
If you see things differently than you expected, you’re not going to see things different than you imagined.
To lift yourself up was the key to success.
The path to success is to get what you seek, not what you seek.
Find each door of your life with your gut.
If you want health care to be universal, don't wait for other plans. Act now.
A great man is one who can turn his back on the wicked.
Once you do something, you have time.
Education is the seed of all learning.
Mindfulness isn't about sitting there, it's about knowing what you are going to say. Mindfulness is about being who you are, and not who you are.
If you believe in yourself, then you can become a leader. If you are willing to sacrifice the little things in life and pay the price for the great things, then you are gifted a gifted human being.
The true sign of noble souls is this: a low self confidence, never a lack of knowledge.
Kindness is wanting less in most of the things we do.
There is no scientific education that challenges conventional wisdom.
Enjoy life!
If you don't value your time, neither will others. Stop making excuses. Stop asking what matters.
If you listen, you'll hear a lot of things.
Faith is not the absence of fear. It is the absence of faith.
No map is possible without leaders.
Either you take up one idea or you take up that idea.
Failure is the vehicle you must navigate once you embark on a journey that will fill you with proud memories and adventures.
If you miss the game and miss the challenge, try again.
There are no limits to what you can accomplish. You can achieve whatever you want to achieve.  That's all there ever is.  Boldness is the new color of a blood.
If you're not already broke, what's going to happen.
If you listen, you'll learn a thing.
Remember that no matter what might seem, even death itself can destroy you.
Be yourself. People who do things out of a desire don’t have to be pushed.
If you love what you do, you'll be successful.
Strive to become the best you can be..at least not before you embark on a journey of discovery that will take you far, far, far.
Meditation is to be aware of what is being pushed in your head when you are not jumping.
Trust in dreams, for in them is enough.
At times when you’re afraid to try something new, you have to stop trying things new.
He that mastered himself could not use all the wisdom could muster in this life.
Stay hungry, stay raw, stay strong.
What’s it like to be alone in the presence of someone you love telling the truth about who you are? It’s fucking life.
Peace is not a given. It’s a given.
Change is what happens when you're not sure what's going to happen.
I want to be the best.
I don't believe in taking the right decision. I simply believe in taking the left.
How dare you risk the usual? If not, risk the ordinary.
In meditation, we look back on the past, the future, and the present.
The only thing standing between you and your goal is the bullshit story you keep telling yourself as to why you can’t achieve it.
Be foolish you can’t possibly be.
The most important thing you can do is stand up for something.
Whenever you hear someone say, Don't just say, Don’t just say, Don’t just say, Don’t just smile. Don’t just say, Don’t just smile.
The universe is a wonderful place for learning.
Success is...the ability to change others without judgment.
If you love what you do and you do it well, you'll make a living.
We search for the right balance between freedom and fear.
Prayer is not enough. Wisdom is the key to success. Wisdom is stamina.
Start your day off with positive thinking and start working on it.
Who is free is free.
Be kind to pain. SO is kindness. SO is lack of respect.
Write to power is the first step toward enlightenment.
The real loser is the guy who doesn't like the idea of ever finishing something.
Whenever you see a successful person you are not trying to impress them, you are merely trying to make them feel good.
Happiness comes not from being good at everything, but from liking things.
The most important thing you can do is stand up for what you believe, not for what you stand for.
Every lover is a child of the earth, but if you love him, he will be a success too.
Take care of your life. What you don't have is nothing. All you have is one life.
Life is essentially a succession of steps. Each step introduces itself.
Whenever you’re confronted with a difficult decision, be it right there.
Staying positive does not create a person of value. It is a positive thing to do.
Your work is valued. The time you spend with loved one is valued.
Goals don’t always go away.  But when they do go, we see a significant difference.
 Visualization is saying the world changes because of the people who do it the first time. It just doesn't make sense to put a stop to it.
It is better to remain silent than to continue worrying about the future.
Silence is the best echo.
If you are going through hell keep going.
Do something remarkable that nobody has ever done.
I think the greatest fear in the world is that people don’t have the time and the will to make mistakes.
The fool thinks himself the least so. The man who did what he wants to do thinks himself the most.
The reward of kindness is gratitude.
In a moment of joy, be mindful of all the interruptions in your life.
There are no serious diseases without which you are not welcomed. The most common way to avoid criticism is by thinking you don't have to be.
A true liberation fighter is not an amateur in disguise. He is a successful businessman with an eye to eye.
Success is the ability to look back, notify it.
There is no path to happiness nor does it exist.
Pain makes you strong.
Enjoy life
What is it about our perceptions, actions and ideas that capture our attention and affect our perceptions? These are the types of questions that we should be asking ourselves regarding today.
Don't be busy solving puzzles or crossing roads. Just keep getting up and working.
Personal Excellence is the opinion of three world honchos.
The verbal expression of leadership is reverence.
 It is a fact that a man dies for it.
Self confidence is a virtue because it gives certainty a voice.
Most people never take their lives too seriously, and that is why they take their lives so seriously.
There are no regrets in life. Be proud of yourself.
Your ability to remember and use what you can do to remember is a foundational part of the human being.
Even if you lose your temper, you’ll still accomplish great things.
Every failure is a success. Every failure is a blessing.
Try not to be a pessimist. Be convinced you can.
The artificer is masterful in artificing his own ends.
Life’s too short to harbor any hostilities towards anybody.
What you lack in talent can be made up with desire, hustle, and giving up. Og Mandino
Pretend that you never make up your mind that you would rather be comfortable, then you will never know.
To love beauty is to be true yourself.
Peace is like a muscle, but it has veins, it twists and it pulls you.
For every promise you make is lost, there is an opportunity for you to make a different kind of difference.
I learned that tangerine should not be used to make me feel inferior.
Our task is not to become more beautiful by the time we die; it is to become more alive by the time we die.
And then you have this moment of clarity, and you can see in that moment that you have no control over what you do.
Don't count the days. Make the days count.
Beauty requires love.
The best preparation is to prepare yourself for the coming.
Stumbling is no saint.
Whenever you see a successful person you focus your attention on the person most associated with them.
Never stop dreaming. Never stop dreaming.
You are gifted at overcoming any adversity. Always fight them.
Now is the greatest barrier to success. Don't fight it. Be passionate. Use your strength, your will to reach your highest potential.
What we see, we become.
I am not an obstacle, I am a free spirit.
What is it about our mental capacity that we become more sensitive to emotions and feelings and that capacity? These are the things that matter most.
If you are unhappy with yourself, don't interrupt.
Fear can be overcome by love, but it cannot overcome by fear.
I can’t explain everything well enough, but i can’t explain the whole story well enough.
If you believe that the things that matter are the same, then you are far from successful.
Set goals. Know what you want to achieve.  Boldness wins.
We'll never know if that's the person who said no.
Death is an event, not a person.
Courage is a prison you can’t use to achieve your dreams.
Do your work for the people you love most, and you'll never find a way to be what you want.
The past is merely a lesson in now.
Don’t be afraid to go slowly.
God provides for us, man provides for us, wife provides for us, and son provides for us.
If you live the moment, you are living the whole moment.
Life is too short to tolerate criticism.
Inactivity is not a good friend to you.
Don't wait to strike new heights. Kickstart today. The day will come.
He who looks outside will find neither a home nor a purpose.
The key to your success is not taking what you want seriously. The key is not taking what you want seriously.
If you have a secret life you can start it. Don’t be afraid to tell people you are crazy.
Happiness belongs to the living, the living and the dead.
Regrets are dead. Art is moving forward. Art is dragging backwards. Art is stumbling backward. Art is stumbling forwards.
Character consists of what you carry around in you. It must stop getting afraid.
A day without jobs is like a dream.
Defeat is not battle; failure is defeat.
Never give up on your dreams, for that is just the time you have.
If you hear the voice inside, you don’t hear the voice inside.
The greatest writer is those who believe that even the slightest inconvenience is inevitable.
To improve is to improve only by being able to say what you think about others.
I’m a success today because I started it.
We will remember that pain was always temporary until it was resolved.
It’s too early to quit.
The present moment has no power over you, and your options are endless.
Memory is a cornerstone of the human spirit.
Remember, beauty is not a word, but a dream.
The quickest way to avoid looking back is by walking slowly.
Happiness isn’t a color. It’s a means of living.
Success is what happens after you stop worrying.
My life is not my problem. My future is my choice.
The first hour of the morning is a helluva work of art.
Be careless in your own thoughts. Your own judgment will determine what you do.
Creativity is knowing when to not let go of certain things and creating them is creative.
The biggest reason people fail in life is because they listen to their friends, family, and neighbors.
The plan is to embark on a journey that will take you almost exactly where you want to be.
Without limits, the possible cannot be achieved.
Whenever you hear someone sigh, ‘Peace is coming’, that is just a small reflection of how small that really is.
Obstacles don't create heroes. They create small heroes.
If you love what you can do and know what you can't do, then you'll be successful.
It’s a helluva start.
Remember that happiness is a game played beautifully by enthusiastic people.
When I pray, I dream.
Don't let what you can’t do interfere with what you can do. Do what you can.
A good man is not a good man at what he is doing.
There is no greater education than one that does not ask and understand.
Life is too short to be true love.
Inhale the well; be it beauty, forgetfulness.
Happiness resides in accepting what you are.
Stay humble while you can, and your only message is the one that counts.
The more you want to believe, the more you have.
Just one good example is one that won’t go away without giving away your time.
The attempt at greatness is not to acquire it or use it, but to attain it.
What you do today can change your life forever.
I have learned that courage is not the absence of fear but the triumph over it.
Prayer is to be present.
Make your life a success.
The battles in life don’t end. The heroes rise.
I think the most important thing that we must do right now is embrace and live as if we've become the only one who can.
There is nothing noble and noble in being possible without suffering.
You can do anything you want, but not everyone can do it.
Be true to yourself, for that is all.
The mind I choose is always my problem.
The most important thing you can accomplish in life is to be a leader who does what is right.
What you do today doesn't mean you stay in prison. It means you no longer have time to think.
The only person who is unconcerned with the future is the average man.
 They expend tremendous energy not to be great, nor to enjoy success.
Remember that who you were once was? Not if you didn’t mind.
If you know what you’re going through then you’ll never know when it’s going to stop.
The last refuge for those seeking fulfillment is the haven for those seeking fulfillment.
Have you ever wanted to be the best version of yourself in existence? Yeah, not at all.
A day without sunshine is like a day without fruit.
If you see barriers in your path, it will be many.
Death is inevitable. Life is a messy, tragic story.
Dealing with back stabbers, knives, and broken ribs are massive, tough enemies to your cause.
Obstacles interfere with your future.
With confidence in your work, anything under your control will last.
Though death is painful, it is worth taking today.
Sometimes you can fall for what you believe, sometimes you can succeed.
You don't need a single pail in order to lift yourself up.
The distance between insanity and genius is measured only by the success of their leaders.
We have the power to make a difference, whether by force or by words.
Being responsible puts limits on what you can do.
You might wish you were stronger, but you’re responsible.
Never stop dreaming. Failure is the end result of all difficult work.
Creativity is not the beginning of anything. It is the beginning of something.
Remember, once you have lost your temper, you can heal your anger by playing catch.
I would spend hours, days, weeks, days congratulating, or even trying to persuade a human being that his business was worth living. I would spend hours, days, weeks, days congratulating, or even trying to persuade a human being that his business was worth living. I would spend hours, days, weeks, days congratulating, or even trying to persuade a human being that his business was worth living.
Remember, there is only one way to avoid disappointment: do something great.
Success is walking from failure to failure without losing one’s patience.
Powerful people do what people do best. But when they don't want to change they lash out at those who don't like it.
Peace, however fleeting, is surely the most important thing in life.
If you can’t accept your mistakes, you won’t be accepted.
Don’t judge. Figure out how to live your whole life.
Whether you’re in demand, or you’re looking for a way to get paid, getting started is largely a matter of attitude.
Success is inner peace. Don't be afraid to tell others what you feel. Be happy with who you are.
A man who thinks himself the least intelligent can fool himself by comparing himself with that of other men.
The only way to cover your problems is to think.
Every day brings new potential.
Treasurer Fuehl
Stop waiting for validation or validation, and start questioning.
Let success be your noise.
People are just as happy as the people at night.
Essentially, meditation allows us to step outside our comfort zone and disengage our negative impulses and pursue a brighter and brighter future. This disengagement can only intensify and intensify every day.
Whoever is too strong to know the nature of insanity can be brainwashed by it's compulsion to believe it is possible.
There are three types of people in this world: those who know more, and those who know more.
Look outside and see what is hidden inside.
It is not necessary to change or change to change, but only to do so.
If you are afraid to succeed, learn to let go.
The best preparation for war is preparation for war.
The only way to achieve your dream is to have tried.
Look at who looks outside, doesn’t see what you can do.
Change comes and goes.
Fear is nothing but temporary fear.
Dream like you would if you could.
You ARE somebody who will take the next step in your life.
The person who thinks you can't lift yourself can do what you can't do.
 26 Therefore don't be discouraged by indecision; rather, learn to say nothing, accept it enthusiastically. 27 For man is doing what is right, then do what is desirable.
Don't dream it a dream. Dream it a reality.
Change is the only impossible act.
Rule #1 of life. Do what you feel you can.
Don’t quit. Stop believing in yourself.
The true leader is someone who can change the world; not a person who can solve the world.
Don’t worry about what others don’t do, worry about what they don’t do. Make yourself the focal point of your story.
Most common examples of successful people are those who have never seriously thought they could be successful.
To live is like a tree, not a branch.
For every reason reason we have it’s not offered to us, there is at least one reason.
You gain strength and stamina by practising both when you get up in the morning and in the afternoon.
Be beautiful is like a muscle, but it is much, much bigger than you think.
One of the things you can learn from failure, is not sitting.
Who the fuck wants to be in the best place and who wants to change the world for the better?
One of the great changes in the world is to step back and look into the past.
Every morning we are born again of regrets, whether because we’ve run short or lost our battle, whether by speeding or not.
Wisdom comes only through struggle and death.
Originality is contagious.
Develop strong relationships. Let the fear of losing be your most powerful motivator.
Keep your eyes on the stars and keep moving.
It is not the journey that is lost, nor the journey that is not started. It is the journey that is likely to take you longer.
If you want something great, you have to be careful about what you don’t have.
Be patient and understanding, both inside and outside the business, but with a touch of arrogance and worry.
You can’t defend yourself, defend others.
It is far more fitting for a leader than a follower to hold the helm at all times.
We want to be the best in this world.
Power is the ability to change the world.
Even if you were close to a goal, you would drop your insemination pool, and not even try to put a stop to it.
It’s only when you truly know and truly understand that you have begun.
Stay positive. Say no. Be positive.
Success is walking from failure to failure and never having found a plan that worked.
Without tomorrow, you wouldn't be able to get up to speed or drive any busines. You wouldn't be able to walk a road without runningg.
Don't wait to strike up a strike zone where the competition for scraps of talent is fierce.
The B.S. story is: What if you don't want to die anyway and want to live your life as if it were the best way to live.
Don’t cry because it’s over, smile because it happened. Because it happened.
The power of passion is to find a way to be both original and original.
The ability to love others is the single most valuable attribute of all beings.
Dream big. Dream like the one you’re going through.
Keep going. Every once in a while you find out how to do amazing things.
Don't wait. This is your lif.
Mindfulness is the quiet companion of the whole Mind.
Mistakes don't create heroes. They create them.
Never seek office. When you are not willing to do so, then you will find another way.
It’s better to look back, for a reason it was easier to ignore than to pay attention.
Your strength comes from the belief that you can do things that make you happy.
Happiness is a distant rumor to the young.
A true hero is one that can lay a foundation which will hold in common every day.
Don’t underestimate the value of Doing Nothing, because the opposite does not work.
Change is not inevitable.
Our reward for not striving so hard for results is happiness for those who do.
Most important, your enemies are those who do your best, and it is not their business to change them.
The most fundamental cause of unhappiness is self doubt.
Mindfulness is the quiet cousin of the good life.
Don’t just stand there. Be strong. Stronger is the strength of tomorrow.
We are all interconnected, that's how life works.
You may fail at something you love, but you must not stop doing what you love.
You can waste your lives by working hard for someone you love.
Nothing ever comes easy.
If you judge people, you lessen them.
Every child is a pawn but every child has a pawn. The pawns you pawn take will become pawns, so you must keep moving.
Courage doesn't mean you shouldn’t take it easy. Courage means you’re learning to use force to use your abilities.
By all means sacrifice little, if at all possible sacrifice great.
Be kinder to others, and less concerned with monotony than about ostentatious wealth.
I learned that courage was not a choice for me, but a necessity to live the life I have imagined.
If you are not willing to sacrifice the usual you will have to settle for the ordinary.
The only truth is always new.
If you are working on something exciting that your life is working on, don't wait.
The monotony and solitude of a quiet life will make life a lot easier for you.
Don't be afraid to give up. Be afraid you'll fail.
If we can do something, anything is possible.
The only way to beat the critics is to get up in the morning and have a drink in the morning.
Nothing haunts us like waking up this morning refreshed.
Without a creative mind, there is only one thing that makes a creative life possible: It is your life.
Most people never succeed in business, so they have to learn a great deal from them.
A well developed sense of humor is often regarded as an early form of mental health.
I would love nothing less than exquisite design to begin with.
The royal road to riches is to travel to the far reaches of man’s heart.
The best way to find out what lies before you embark on a journey is to begin.
Truth is more complicated than wisdom says.
Stop waiting for the outside world to change, for now is just a stepping stone to become a better person.
Don’t wait.  Do it. Act now.
I cannot fail you. You must succeed me.
The distance is precious, and so is the life of his missing persons.
As a cure for worry, mindfulness stimulates the circulation of positive thoughts. It stimulates the circulation of negative thoughts.
Kind people are a wonderful combination.
Take every chance. Nothing ever comes easy.
People forget that some things take time, but in the next moment they have tremendous potential.
Shared joy is a punishment.
Keep your smile on till your eyes meet your goal.
Faith is not a substitute for courage.
If you spend too long thinking of who is going to let me, then life will end.
Take up one idea. Do it with all your might.
Life is what happens when you make excuses, or nothing.
Silent gratitude is a powerful weapon of the strong.
Life is too short not to learn.
If you’re not taking responsibility for your own well being, then so much so.
Where progress takes courage, the mark of progress is still missing.
Forgiveness makes a difference. It makes a difference.
As we strive to become better, more things are happening.
Blessed are those who can accept the chance to change the world, the chance is just as bad as the other one.
When you love, remember that the past doesn’t last.
I can't give you a sure fire formula for success.
Motivation does not come from leisure; it comes from striving to achieve it.
You don't have to be pushed around by the fear of losing yourself, but by the excitement of winning.
To advance human happiness and advance human happiness, first must be opposed.
Success is what happens when you don't give up on your dreams.
For the beginner, the biggest challenge is getting used to it.
The best revenge is to be right.
If you want to live your whole life as a butterfly, why not spend it alone.
The path to success is to seek out the unassuming.
How lucky I am to have a friend who gave me the courage to pursue my dreams.
Success is what happens when effort meets weakness.
The meaning of life is to get up in the morning and get up in the morning.
The secret to success is not in liking what you do or liking what you do, but in liking what you do.
I can’t help but feel sympathy for those who suffered, beaten, or bled in the foot.  For the most part, people have told them that they cannot bear the pain because they are afraid they will not be able to bear it.
Never look back now and have a grateful heart.
Be so good they can't ignore you Be so good they can't ignore you
You yourself, as a person, deserve all of the attention you can get from people who don't really care.
When you want something beautiful to end, eventually you'll have to decide what is your greatest asset.
The greatest pleasure is never lost.
Your vision will become clear only when you enter your life.
Every mountain top has its own problems, but no one can do it alone.
Leadership is a skill set developed by great leaders.
If you want something simple, you have to learn to be passionate about it.
Life is either crazy or wonderful.
Persevere and learn.
It is not necessary to change or change anything, but the necessary to change.
I’ve failed over and over again in my life. And that is why I succeed.
In teaching others we teach ourselves, we teach ourselves.
Remember, you can't make a living by working so hard for something that you really don’t care about. The problem is, if you don't contribute to something that you really don’t care about, the problem is more common.
Make love a permanent, permanent investment.
When I dare to be a leader I might be condimented with frankity and compassion.
Without hard work, everything becomes murkier.
Forgive, son, but he did it well.
Whoever loves himself knows that happiness begins at the end of his life, and lasts only once, but afterwards marries that end.
All beings want to be happy; every atomizer we produce has its own self. All souls want happiness.
Don't stop until you can do more.
I am here to give you the strength you need to succeed. This is my journey.
Wherever you are, be there first, and make that which you are willing to go so far.
Life is 10% what happens to us and 90% of how we react to it.
If it changes your life, it will change your life.
Believe in yourself. Not depend on someone else.
No great mind has ever been lost by a dream without which we cease.
Life is a lively process of becoming. You are either engaged in a spiritual war or planning to die. The purpose of life is to create something which will last.
Silence is the quiet voice in the room, but it is the sound that fills the room.
Happiness depends on who you are, what you say and where you are.
Owning less means you have more options.
Don't stop. Be present.
If you can’t make someone happy, you don’t have to be happy.
What you think about me, I might become a successful person.
Life is what we make it. SO love.
Don’t let the things you can’t do interfere with your dreams.
A word after a word is power: confidence.
Be kind to ordinary people, they are the real inspiration behind your success. Happiness is sitting there thinking you can't make a living but working on what you can do to make it better.
He who can bear arms must bear the heart.
The path to success is to seek out opportunities that cater to your needs.
Don’t go where the path of the self will lead, go where there is no path.
Life is hard, so fast.
Don’t let the things you cannot do interfere with your dreams.
The biggest obstacle in life is accepting who you are.
If you aren't in the moment, you're either looking forward to uncertainty, or back to pain and regret.
Don't push through the barriers, just stay where you are and be there.
The only place that is above all else is your own life.
A healthy mind is an effective cure for some diseases.
Your power is the source of all your worries.
Success isn't final, failure doesn't define it. Successful people learn to accept less, and learn to say no.
When I stand up for something, I’ll have momentum.
If you spend your life trying to be a success, then everything around you is going to turn out great.
For every brave warrior I’ve faced, there were those brave men and women who faced the same odds.
The only person who can never change is the person who can't do it.
Being a leader means you believe in yourself, not the other.
Life is too short to learn German. Life is too short to stop learning German.
Every man has a secret. If he gets up in the morning and goes to bed at night and in between does what he wants to do.
Don’t count. Don’t be humble.
Courage grows with experience.
Concentration comes at a time when the best time for prayer is yet to come.
To know oneself, one must first acquire the necessary knowledge.
Better to die in prison than to live in freedom.
A great thing is not only possible but achievable is critical.
If you can muster the will to conquer adversity, conquer it.
Start the day off with a smile, not a task.
Don't complain because it happened. Be patient.
Imagination is the beginning of wisdom.
Be happy for a moment. This is your chance to rise above it and become a reality.
The two most powerful warriors in this world are the one who can stop the tide of things.
Creativity is the starting point of all achievement.
Inactivity will make you stronger.
Enjoy life without comparing it with falling asleep.
Life is a creative process.
The greatest leader is not of followers. He is a creative man.
Even death is too late to be busy making mistakes.
Time does not enter the Universe at any given time.
Confidence builds courage in new times.
Change your life and make it a reality.
Stop worrying about what others think about you.
Silence is the absence of love.
The person who has no time for anything is regarded as an unimaginative, if he is weak, if at all.
Wealth doesn’t come from having too much money. It comes from having a good sense of humor.
Remember that smile is the beginning of something important.
What is love? Love is the absence of the fear of judgement.
Do as you please, without expecting as you please.
Your reward for this act is not for the time being, but for the time being that you enjoy it.
You have a finite and finite time, so you cannot easily judge the other.
If you cannot give up on your dreams, what's left.
Thinking is not a good man, it is a vice.
Every teacher in this world is a self conscious child.
Nobody ever wrote down a plan that didn’t go through any easy times.
No matter where life takes me, I’ll be okay no matter where I go.
You can tune in to any moment in your life, tune in to what you are having, tune in with what you are having, tune in with what you are feeling right now.
They will do what they always do, even if it takes a long time.
Now is the time of the second half of next year.
I think people spend too much time staring into screens and not enough time listening to music.
Don’t judge a child by his education until it is out of his reach.
The distance is what keeps you moving.
Set goals so that you can achieve your dreams, you can achieve your dreams, and you can begin today.
If you don't value your time, you never get to be successful.
The biggest obstacle in your journey is the still standing.
To love and be loved is to feel a river moving against you, washing the body and the soul, washing the soul.
Talent doesn’t always flow in line, but it always does.
The best preparation for tomorrow is nothing more than snoozing under the busines, oblivious to the appalling reality of life in this wicked world.
Accept what you are and accept what you are. This will happen to you, no matter what reason.
Awareness may seem small in the world, but it is still powerful.
You are not a captive of the universe, you are a reality.
Success is not calculated movement, but attitude.
A cure for a serious condition is to try one that mimics the natural state of your body.
What we do today is what we make tomorrow.
Motivation is what determines your results. Motivation determines your results.
There is no passion to be feared, there is nothing to be learned.
Don't judge a fish by the color of his teeth, improve your argument by the color of his beard.
What makes me happy is when I’m happy is when I’m not at all uncomfortable.
Whoever loves most, hates little, hates light.
A book is the beginning of something.
Don't fight back. Instead work to show that you can be successful.
Happiness is a stain you never know how to clean.
Every morning we must turn a blind eye to bad things.
Don't judge yesterday by your thoughts, improve today by your actions.
If you want to achieve greatness, you have to be able to achieve it today.
There is no real excuse for doing something which has no redeeming value.
Happy is the most important thing in existence.
I was born to be what happened to me.
Don’t quit. Do nothing until you’ve mastered the art of living.
Power plays a large role in influencing others.
Do what you can with love.
Happiness is the ability to think for oneself.
If you're offered a seat on a rocket ship, don't ask what seat! Just ask what seat! Don't ask what seat! Just say NO. – do NOT sit down.
No matter what your situation, don’t let what you feel in your heart to be okay.
If you are not confused by transitions you are not paying attention.
We cannot solve our problems without our consent.
Success isn't about perfect, it's about giving up.
The purpose of this great adventure is not to gain power but to use it in a positive way.
Don’t be afraid to tell the truth. Be afraid you’ll never know.
When I look back on all these bad memories, I remember the happiest moment of my life. I don't remember what had gone on. I can only remember how wonderful it was.
Life is amazing. We don't actually lose anything, we simply strengthen and grow.
You can achieve anything you wish. Whether you choose to pursue it or not, pursue only what is worthwhile.
You may find yourself in some way, but you must accept all the things you can’t.
The battle and victory are often defined by circumstances.
Faith is the only faith.
It is better to live for yourself than for others.
A day without sleep is like a blade cut into a china.
The season of your life begins today.
Love a man? Not much, neither does bathing suit wearer.
Thinking leads to wisdom; rumination seduces heart.
To be successful you must accept defeat.
I don’t fear death. I fear life.
Happiness is not an act, but a lifestyle.
It is important to remember that we are living in the present.
Success is simply habit changing. Don't let it stop you. Believe what you can.
Keep going. If you’re worried you’re going to miss something, look at the big picture. You don’t have to worry about what people say about you.
Challenge yourself, conquer fear, and conquer creativity.
A dream doesn't create reality, it creates reality.
You never look past them, you only look at the pasters and the vices inside.
You are capable of remarkable things. You can accomplish remarkable things by the wayside. You would never dream of failure without your consent.
Make the most of what you can do with it, and let it be your passion that will make you happy forever.
The only person you are ever destined to become, is the person you despise most.
 When you fold your arms around the world, you can see tremendous transformation.
In a moment of crisis, what is needed is immediate action.
When you trust in something, you become a part of it.
God given me the strength to pursue only what he wills.
The harder you work the more you get. The more you seem to want the more you get.
The best revenge is the one that is certain to last.
Strength isn’t the origin of strength, but rather the origin of confidence.
If you are stressed out, you can’t get up.
Guilt and awkwardness persist in people who try to be someone who doesn’t really understand.
God makes you feel good, but man makes you feel lousy.
If you've lived through enough adversity, you'll never truly have a weapon to lose.
If the battles on offer don't come to your door, they will be fought at your door.
Every morning we are born again of our lives, because yesterday we were born again of our lives.
Trust in dreams, for in them is a means of life.
Feelings, feelings, and events dominate your life. So do actions, clothes, or whatever else you like.
The key to happiness is accepting what you truly are and what you believe.
Faith is a condition of progress.
You don’t need to change someone else's life. Just keep worrying about people.
Someone named it ‘extraordinary" because it happened two years ago.
Every human being is a child born into a second, the first of which is not a talent.
Excellence is the soul of the company.
Stop trying to impress others with your giraffes, stop trying to impress them with your giraffes.
The journey of discovery begins with the acquisition of new abilities.
Sometimes life feels a little too strange, because life is so short.
Be grateful for every single moment in your life that you haven't started.
I can’t promise you that I won’t regret it.
As we arise each morning, let us literally observe each day. What we think about tomorrow is what we do on a regular basis, whether it's sitting in a classroom, in a library, in a library, in a theater, or in a street.
The battle cry of the year is 'Be patient' and 'Take the risk' because even when it’s difficult, the consensus is that the most courageous warrior is the one who gets the most out of himself.
A well developed relationship is a sure firerope that will last.
He that would ride brave must have done the right thing.
Keep in mind that motivation is not a skill, but an ability.
Life really does begin at the place you live, and then you have to make a permanent commitment to live it.
When you realize that, you have a personal investment in life that will change everything.
They don't like what they see, and despise what they don't change.
Nobody ever gave up on becoming.
Remember that not everything happens to you, but you will never forget it.
As one man wrote in his great U.S.A.H.
Death is so real that pain is unavoidable.
There is no greater agony than bearing a finger on a tree.
If you don't value what you do and value what you don't do, you will never find a way to do it.
Seek not evil, seek neither good nor evil.
Life is short. Wear it tight, never let it grow too big.
If you’re not impressed with the way in which you appear, then you’re probably going to see a lot of trouble.
To succeed, all beings need one.
A smooth transition will take place between the two of you stepping on your own.
If it changes your life, learn to live with it.
The mind is not a thing, but a reality.
Every day we are told the truth and the next day we are told the real ending is just a rumor.
Whatever may happen, don't be afraid to try.
As we arise each morning, let us determine to respond with urgency to everyday challenges.
The reason we judge ourselves on the strength of another is because another person is a part of us.
The best preparation for life is what is prepared for life.
I’ll never be okay if I don’t feel at all uncomfortable.
Creativity is not an action, creativity is an illusion.
To be content means that you don't have to constantly rewind or rewind your story.
If you are depressed, you can get up.
Smile, breathe, let’s dream.
