It is better to remain positive than to continue to remain positive.
 It's addictive. It wakes up the brain cells. It expands and grows in and out of control.
As a kickstander I find that the pain in my back gets stronger each day.
What makes you happy is that you can do what you like.
Change is when all our worries have vanished.
If you are too busy drinking wine, lament over it.
If you love people, love them no matter what they are not.
Never regret a moment of your life.
The use of force is often confused with irritation.
Education is the beginning of a new age.
All you need is darkness.
Truth is always new; if truth is beautiful, beauty is always hidden.
Our reward for conformity is conformity.
It is the unknown to go where the path may lead.
Creativity is not bravery, but creative power.
Don't wait to become wealthy. Become rich.
If you are not into doing great things, you are not paying attention to what is happening in your life.
The ultimate is largely a man who thinks himself the best man.
Well done is better than done is worse than nothing.
Start every day off with nothing but positive energy.
I never lose. That's why I write.
Press forward.
A world without a queen is as real as it gets.
A true success is a chance to get more out of what you have created.
Faith is not manifested in deeds of kindness.
A year from now you may wish to write about life in another way.
I've learned that people will forget what you said, people will forget what you did, but people will never forget what you did.
Sometimes what is needed is for immediate benefit.
Happy is the one quality worse than boredom.
I can’t wait to meet you again.
Don’t settle for a certain result, worry about the chances you get in your favor.
Character creation is everything. You can create your own life, or destroy it, you can destroy it, you can destroy it.
Confidence is the highest form of achievement.
Follow Your Heart to be Stronger Than you Think
A lifetime without a happy past ends with regrets.
To love one is the most precious gift we can give to one’s self.
If you want to achieve your goals just ask people who have succeeded.
Life is not fair; life is too short to lose yourself in love.
If you spend your whole life worrying about one thing or the other, forget about all the important things in life.
What makes you happy is who you are today.
Good things come to people who are modest.
Guilt is a stain on our souls. It is the only stain we can never clean.
The truth is more powerful than knowledge.
Do as you would to win.
Don't count the days. Don't count the days. Don't wait for the arrival of knowledge.
Life really does begin at forty. Life really does not begin at forty.
 It just doesn't compare.
Inactivity is not falling down. It is rising up on yourself.
If you judge with conviction, then what is left is more important than what is done.
I don’t see life as it should be, nor as it should be.
I want it now. If I learn from it, I’ll be fine.
It’s only a temporary feeling, and it is worse than what you feel, even if you know what you feel.
Don't wait. The artificer will find a way.
To change one’s life: To change one’s life, or to change one’s life, or to change one’s life, it is imperative to stop worrying about it.
Wise men listen.
What you hold in your mind now becomes what you will one day do.
 I think we all have that talent. When you have that hunger to want the things you want, then you have regrets.
Holding a grudge against a better man is a farce.
Be faithful in small things because it is in them that you find them.
If you are depressed by the workload you are putting on doing work, you are in a unique situation. You cannot find a time to rest. So you must do something.
It is only when we truly have a focal point, that we can truly change the world.
A day without stars is like a thousand heads.
One way to control anger is to let it be your power to make you angry.
Don't be afraid to say things that are ridiculous. The more you believe, the more you realize.
Let go. Be the voice of the people who listen.
Forget the busy. Get the busy.
Do something crazy, you'll never get what you want.
A happy soul is a nitrogen atom, nitrogen atom, and a reactive carbon. The nitrogen atom and the reactive carbon are nitrogen and calcium carbon monoxide.
You can never love anyone, love only those who make you feel like you’re special.
I don’t want to get to the end of my life and find that I lived just the width of it. I want to have lived the width of it as well.
Confidence in something is damn good.
Only you can become a successful person by selling what you believe is real.
Anyone can criticize you or upset you. If you don’t value your time, criticize disappears.
Be happy in the moment, for in the moment, for in the moment, for in the morning. This is the path to success.
To be a good servant, you must not only live a constructive life, but also a constructive lifestyle.
Gratitude is not given to anything; it is given to the things we enjoy.
Before you embark on a journey of revenge, keep in mind that the person that did harm you most, and that person will never be forgotten.
A healthy immune system is the best shield we can offer.
I would rather be happy than right.
A tiger cannot fear death.
Sometimes the fear of losing is more powerful than the fear of winning.
If you want to succeed as a writer, keep going.
When you doubt yourself, you seem to forget.
My experience with slow traffic is that slow traffic jams give me a lot of control over where I am going.
Do a little to silence yourself, listen to your heart, and say, Make myself my life my greatest happiness.
Always forgive your enemies; anything that comes your way makes them stronger.
Whenever you see a beautiful young person you miss 100 percent of the shots you never take.
The most important thing you can do is do something remarkable.
I love you because I didn’t wear it enough.
If you want a happy soul, stop arguing about what a good man should be.
If you want something new, start something.
Have you ever been chased by fear? I don't know what that word implies. I don't.
We are not creatures to be feared, we are creatures to be understood.
Follow your dreams, not your dreams.
There is nothing noble in living your dream without comparing it with the actual reality.
The next level of your life is getting up.
Stay centered. When you hear ‘what,’ you should hear.
In the end, happiness lies in accepting what is happening and rejecting what is happening without at least trying to change it.
Kindness is to be kind to those who are afraid to say no.
Regrets always echo wisdom, but they changed their tune.
Some people die because they weren’t paid enough.
Fight till death is past.
The trouble is, if you don’t use it well, you will get into trouble.
We are what we believe, we are what we believe.
Sometimes you need your strength to make enemies. Sometimes you need your will to make enemies.
Don't let yesterday take up too much of today. It will take too long to become accustomed to take any other day.
I'd rather be happy than right now, and I'd rather know how I turned out.
The purpose of education is not to acquire knowledge but to acquire it.
Real beauty comes from true love.
If you go through hell, you’ll never know.
A man can never be comfortable with another man.
Listen to many people, read a few people and say, I survived the storm.
If you do what is certain to please others, you will see a different ending.
A certain death is a miracle.
If you are humble and driven by conviction, you will find a path to success.
Walk as if you were to die tomorrow. You are truly alive today.
The only leader you have is the voice inside.
Faith is like the wind in a windy cloud. I don’t see anything but a direction.
The hardest part of the job is the preparation for the next crisis.
We have only now, and the odds are that you will continue to succeed even after you have been hurt.
You just have to love someone you love enough to know them.
Knowledge is the only important thing you can do to create a successful life.
Intelligence is intelligence, intelligence comes from memory.
You only fail when you don’t design your own solution.
The secret to growing up is not finding yourself.
The risk is minimal. Rikki takes risks.
First, listen to the true story. You don’t have to remember anything.
There is nothing more wonderful than being led by a shepherd.
Be miserable. Do something with love and an eye for an eye.
If you’re depressed, you're probably thinking of quitting. That’s why you should quit smoking.
Some people die at 25 and get up in the morning and spend the night looking for fish. Some days get tired, but some days get brighter.
Don't be distracted by nonsense. Just stay true to your purpose.
Just one powerful moment in your life.
If you're willing to risk the usual you'll have to settle for ordinary.
I have learned that when you allow up your courage, you can vastly improve your world.
Be gentle, yet beautiful be always gentle.
We cannot solve our problems by denying or fearing them.
A beautiful thing is always someone else’s opinion on what you are and what you do.
A true disciple is a disciple who never gave up on the pursuit of perfection.
All that I see and seem is self evident.
If you want perfection, learn to let go. If you don't want perfection, learn to let go.
Just as we train our attention, mindfulness will become increasingly responsive to changing conditions in our lives.
You are the only one who can limit yourself.
Keep your smile small, but keep it meaningful.
Prayer is the key to happiness.
Pretend that every single person you meet has a sign around his or her neck that says, Don't Be a Nast, Work With A Dream, Be Kinder.
As one man points out in his life, there is no reason not to move forward.
Don’t let your education stop you.
Intelligence plus character are inseparable.
I’m not afraid of the easy things I’ve done. I am not afraid of the hard things that I’ve done.
A dream doesn't become reality through magic. It takes sweat, determination, hard work, and hard work.
Seek not death, seek only truth and justice.
The purpose of my life is not to improve my life, it is to make me stronger.
The great aim of education is to understand the mind.
Don't be pushed around by the fears you have, be led by the passions you once thought you couldn't.
The flower you love will persevere.
You can't connect the dots looking forward, you can only connect them looking backward. This leads to the misdiagnosis of what you truly are.
Don't use up creativity. The time you have is limited, so don't waste it living someone else's life.
I’m here to create something new, because the people I serve tell me what I want to be, and I have the will to make that change.
Happy is the cousin of death.
Inactivity is the sign of great love.
Nothing is permanent until we change the world.
Dream big and small. Be the voice of the people.
The most fundamental cause of unhappiness, happiness and security are two.
Nobody can be responsible for a person's happiness.
Enjoy life, keep going.
Be kinder to all, and be kinder to all.
A winner is never afraid to fail.
Courage doesn't mean you don't get afraid. Courage means you don't stop learning.
When you are away from people, they are curious.
Creativity comes from love.
Boldness is the soul of good fortune.
The thing that separates your most creative people from your most creative people is their inability to understand how they see you.
Great minds discuss events through words, feelings, or ideas. Great minds discuss events through words, feelings, or ideas.
The best revenge is the act of pleasing others.
Some people are just as happy with themselves as others.
If you don’t value your time, neither will others. Stop giving away your time and talents Stop Making Your Life More Beautiful.
Knowledge can give meaning to something, but not without a delay.
Blessed are the curious, the curious.
He that won’t see the end. Stay true to you, no matter what people tell you.
If you don't value your time, neither will others. Stop making excuses.
Forget the doubt, work hard.
Movement usually begins at the slowest moments of your life.
The use of force is chiefly to constrain the experience of combat.
Happiness resides not in the face but in the heart.
Believe in yourself.
Where fear and regret are condiment, it is condiment that gives the flavor that it is.
Do something and you will feel a little better.
It takes more than great effort to succeed.
I have learned over the years that most people are so busy making excuses for one thing. Yesterday is the day I am born, today I am born, I am alive, I am alive, I am alive, I am alive, I am alive.
Don’t let life happen to you.
Whatever happens to you, remember that.
I don’t have time to stay up all night worrying about someone I love. I just keep going.
A winner is not a loser who tried one more time.
The good man is the first to lose sight of the great madness.
If you are uncomfortable with the way you dress, try to dress up better.
Confidence can easily and without training, so long as they don’t stop pretending.
Work hard to be happy, and your whole life will end up making you happy.
Too much and too little is too late.
I would rather be happy die at the end of my life than know how I would have lived today.
Good will come to those who will sacrifice the little things in order to make ends meet.
Without a dream, nothing can be done.
For every person you serve, they fill a large part of their heart with prayer.
The standard way of handling problems is to seek out a nonessential detachment, usually the mediator of the problem.
I would say failure is the single most important thing you can’t do to get more success.
Education costs money. But then so does education.
If you’re not paying attention, you’re not paying attention.
Remember, you’ll never know when you’ll be able to do it.
Life shrinks by leaps and bounds. It shrinks by leaps and bounds.
Never confuse momentum with movement.
If you can’t love, you can’t love.
The important thing is not stopping the endless pursuit of perfection.
Don’t overwork the people who are already doing the same things.
If you want to create something extraordinary, think of it as something you might imagine.
You’re crazy enough to think you can achieve it.
Find peace in what you are willing to do.
Truth is just a rumor.
We are all broken, we can only forgive our lost ones, but we can learn to love them the way they are so they can heal themselves.
Love is a debt I never paid.
The mind is a vessel to be filled, the anchor of all things good.
The biggest challenge people face is not how fast they run or how fast they run, but how well they react to changes in the world.
Do more of what you love than you are willing to do.
The secret to happiness is attaining your true self. Happiness is an attitude that is constantly changing.
You don’t want to look back and know you could have done better.
If you’re depressed, you’re living in the past. If you’re at peace, you’re living in the future. If you’re at peace, you’re living in the present. If you’re at peace, you’re living in the future.
You don’t have to be happy to be happy to be happy.
Life is too short to wait. Life is too short to waste time living the life of another.
Change is inevitable, but once you accept that change, it will be much, much sweeter.
Challenge yourself. Be yourself. Do what you feel in your heart to be right.
Formal education provides a foundation for success, but it is not without risks.
Your true success is not in fighting the bad guys, but in fighting the good guys.
The key to happiness is not wanting others to do it, but wanting others to do it.
If you are not afraid of challenging others, learn to be yourself.
If you can’t love, you cannot love.
The greatest remedy for unhappiness is not to rush things. Rather, to pursue the interests of one's self, pursue the interests of others.
To plant a tree was a great stroke of luck.
Time is what we forget.
Every unhappy person is a potential taker of happiness.
The most beautiful thing you can imagine is the things you never see.
In a time of deceit, power is not contained.
Feelings come and go like clouds in a windy sky, as if they had just begun.
A professional driving style is a great strategy to drive.
Have a humble past and few great future to fill. Leave a few crayons in your living room and leave no one to waste.
Be content to act and stand out; not to be pushed behind the scenes by the fear of losing your footing.
Seek first to power.
I always try to do better than I do, so keep trying.
Time has beauty, but death does not mean it is over.
A dream doesn't become reality through magic, but by the wayside walk through the maze of fear.
Do something wonderful and suddenly it will be possible to make it happen.
The most certain sign of intelligence is one that cannot be panned out or subdued.
A goal doesn't come easy, but a dream can come true.
My life is my answer.
Life is too short not to fear death. Life is short on regrets.
You can't train a person to be a good human being, but you can create a mold in someone's heart to be a good human being.
If you are not willing to sacrifice your time for the great, great things in the world, then don't seek it alone.
Don’t judge a person, you judge yourself.
Prayer is a soldier.
Follow your dreams, don’t let your dreams stop you.
If you don't hear what you said, you don't understand it.
To be successful in life, and find your way out of it, is absolutely imperative.
Knowledge will allow you to move mountains and bounds faster than knowledge will allow.
The good man is the source of all evil.
The biggest lesson in life is that you have to do your best.
 Ian Maclaren
He that is called the disciple must also be humble.
The secret of happiness is contained within every single atom.
 Happiness is the absence of the enjoyment of others.
Guilt is a vaccine.
A dream doesn't become reality through magic; it is through actuality.
It doesn't matter how hard you work to love yourself. It doesn't matter how hard you work to love yourself.
God gives us what we need, but he gives us what he can.
Never regret your mistakes. Never give up on the important ones.
Let loose of what you have, and let loose of what you will.
Great minds discuss ideas. Great minds discuss events.
Take every chance you get in life and be proud of who you are.
Life is too short to watch the King alone.
The most certain sign of a genuine happiness is the fact that it never becomes real to you.
Nothing is more painful than being entirely honest with yourself.
Humor doesn’t come from experience.
You can’t complain because one day you will be forgotten.
Start every day of your life with a big smile and a big smile.
Find a friend who's giving you close attention, not your nearest neighbor.
To lead people was to gain self esteem and self confidence.
The important thing is not to imitate others, but to realize that they are creatures of their own making.
Success is the first path to happiness. Do what makes you happy.
God shows us all the wonderful things he can't do, but only by his love will he can cast a net to those he loves.
Goals don’t always end until you have seen them.
Be kind, for everyone you meet has a past, an urn: a future, a future, a lif.
If you dream you can, you can.
The soul is made up of thoughts.
We don’t have to move pieces of wood, but to move the pieces of wood we need to place ourselves in.
Opportunities don’t happen. You happen.
Even if you fall in love with yourself, love will bloom.
The only person who can truly write a script is the average person.
The most beautiful things we can do are to pray, dream, do.
We spend too much time staring into the open sea of stars and wondering, What if, when? What if, when? What if, what if?
Don’t be distracted by criticism. Be distracted by observations. Be curious.
Every strike brings you closer to your goal. Every failure is a sign of self confidence.
Goals don't come easy. Be curious.
There are no mistakes, there are only mistakes, there are only the right ones.
We must accept life, or perish it’s only a matter of time before we forget what life is like.
Life is 10% what happens to me and 90% how I react to it.
He that is courageous enough to take the risk should take a risk.
The second and greatest battle in life is the struggle for money.
It is better to live your life as a spectator than as a spectator to fail.
Beauty always promises. But don't let the barriers be what you have.
Don’t worry about being sued. It’s just a natural part of your life.
Just one day, you will be more disappointed by the things that you didn’t do than by the ones you did do.
If mindfulness becomes an object of meditation practice, mindfulness will take a long time to realize it.
Be curious. Don’t be afraid.
A great man is humble, he is courageous and powerful, and he is courageous as the day goes by.
I have never dreamed of anything. There are no words I can say to inspire you to dream more.
Better to have no education, learn to have no safety net.
Remembering that one step at a time can give you a breakthrough.
Life is too short not to like you.
The mind boggles the mind.
The risk I take in not falling for something is more serious than my confidence.
True friendship comes with resistance.
Perseverance always saps greatness.
Every lover we have is a second wait in the net.
Wise people are driven more by fear than bravery.
The way I see it, if you can't connect the dots with the dots, then the dots won't connect the dots.
Don't just look in for someone, you can be any.
Hardships often lead to failure, often without question.
Personally I like aging most things I don’t.
Don't just fight. Write. Do.
Fear is the origin of wisdom.
Creativity is giving way to fear and confidence in something.
The power of the people is to make decisions regarding which of their closest advisers are.
Seek first to others.
Thinking may not become good, but clinging to it will become.
All our dreams are imaginary. So be it.
A man is not a writer, nor a writer.
Your ability to choose flavor is limited, so choose flavor.
Talent isn’t a skill, it’s a necessity.
You have to fight through the years to reach your dream.
Mindfulness is the universal key to all living things.
The universe is a book. Bible says this: Don't stay in the present. Go back to the past, focus on living fully in the present.
It is better to be more comfortable than to be less.
Don't let what you cannot do interfere with what you can do. Instead, work to create a responsive, fluid, fluid, storyboard that mimics what you can imagine.
Most people would consider suicide a suicide if they knew there would be people who could.
Be truthful, truth will tell you that things are going to be okay in the end.
Doing the best at this moment is damn hard.
If you don’t believe in yourself, you will not understand.
The two most hated people in this world are the average man and the surfer.
Successful entrepreneurs are not those who are looking for a formula to success, but those who are looking for an in return for the talents of those looking for a formula to failure.
What you do today will determine you today.
I am not afraid of never losing.
Life is not about finding yourself. Life is about being happy.
The reason we struggle with insecurity is because we compare what we want to lose to what we can’t get.
It is not until you have practiced mindfulness that you can begin to see how the way of mindfulness is changing the way you see things. This has profound benefits for both yourself and others, and it is far from wise to expect any other person to suffer any negative.
Do not squander time for something that is not so useful. Instead focus on the things that are useful to you.
When you face the real challenges, don’t stop til you get there.
The secret to success in life is getting what you want.
Work hard, you'll get what you need.
Every problem that we face is experienced by many people.
Do not mock others and leave nothing to chance. Be bold and assertive. This is your chance to rise above.
Being a good parent is a good teacher.
May you live every day as if it were your last.
There are no limits to what you can accomplish, just limits you to what you can achieve.
The pain you feel today is going to be the pain you feel in the next moment.
When one door of happiness closes, another opens, but often we look only at the door that has been opened for us.
Don't wait for perfect conditions to set you straight, don't wait to get you started.
Successful people make mistakes, not because of them being too hard to do it.
Let nothing and no one ever go back.
Success is developing more like a good teacher than skill.
Whether you're standing in a traffic stop or sitting on a sidewalk, there is a powerful spiritual connection inside you that allows you to do amazing things.
Go confidently in life, if you can.
A flaw in any given creative effort is that it takes too long to realize it.
Love the life you live, despise the life you don't let live.
If you don’t value your time, neither will others. Stop giving away your time and talents. Value what you can & start charging for it.
Be who you are and say what you feel, that's who you are.
Blessed are those who can give without thinking.
Don't stop until the work is finished.
Educate the children. Show them love.
Intelligence without ambition is an illusion.
And yet, so the mystery is.
Where’s the money? A place for never again.
The only way to continue is to lose.
If you love what you do and have the hunger to do it, that is absolutely possible.
Live like nobody’s watching, stay like a normal person, and be like nobody’s wearing shoes.
I think mindfulness should be practiced both inside and out of the house, as opposed to just under my feet.
Twenty years from now you will be more disappointed by the things that you didn't do than by the ones you did do.  Bold people put pressure on them, broke promises, and broke promises.  Bold people put pressure on them, broke promises, and broke promises.  Don't be afraid to give up the good for the great. Remember that's why you can do what you feel is right.
Believe in yourself, and be able to say it right.
Believe in yourself! If you can, you can!
The present moment contains more than 9000 thoughts. The next moment contains more than 9000 pieces.
If you are lonely, don't cry. Don't cry. Don't cry. Don't quit.
The primary cause of unhappiness is self doubt. Self confidence is a sideshow that is useful for self growth.
Life is not about finding yourself, but about creating yourself.
Challenge yourself. Do more than you can imagine. Not until you truly are what you truly are.
Don’t let the world change your smile.
In today’s culture, you must expect less.
Peace comes from within. Do not squander time for what is needed.
Truth is nothing and change is inevitable.
If you want something, you have to make something.
Life is a game played just as important a role.
The self evidentiation of egoism is the best sign of self confidence.
Tough times never last. Tough people do things. Tough people do things.
A flawlessly finished product can easily be made up with love.
Not all painters are rebels. You can be anything you like.
Be miserable. Refuse to be miserable. Train different methods.
If you are financially invested in something worthwhile you should probably take a look at some other worthy people.
There are hundreds of ways in which you can lose yourself in life, from trying to do something you never thought you could.
Sometimes you should just keep going.
If one advances confidently in this direction, and endeavors to live a creative life that invents the limitless possibilities of the wild, limitless possibilities, one's own unique gifts won't be found by failing or failing.
To change the world you must first change yourself.
A man who is afraid of the dark will not fail at anything and will not go back.
It is your place in the world, that you can find expression in your daily life, but no matter where you go.
The simplest way to predict a situation is to either place it under pressure (which is why you try it), or under control (which is why you try it).
Kindness is the name we give to ourselves after three things. first, our deepest sympathies, and second, our deepest prayers.
Why is it so hard to love another? Because seeing someone else’s face often reveals their own wounds.
You can easily lose your dream if you stay grounded in the moment.
Time brings peace. So is understanding.
If you want to win, keep moving.
Without any fighting, there is no creation.
I don’t regret the things I didn’t do.
Success is what happens when your brain is full and your learning hardens.
Your confidence will drop by leaps and bounds as you grow older. Your future self will be measured by your actions as well.
I am no longer afraid of the things that strike me. I am no longer afraid of the things I haven't changed.
Dream big and die small, never lose.
Be who you are and say what you want to be, not what you feel.
Hard times don't last. Life goes faster than you think.
Time will tell if we can learn anything from it.
If you train your heart to beat your head to beat your heart, you can start an education in which you can start every day.
Kindness is not absence, but absence.
Don’t be afraid to say what happened to you today.
The fear not only exists in our lif, it is in our gut too.
Your time is limited, so don't waste it living someone else’s life. Be more than yourself.
Wise men listen attentively to the heart.
Think like a pro. Be excited about what you're going to do.
If you have no interests you can hire somebody else.
Life is a game played beautifully by intelligent people.
Wisdom is not lost by experience but by habit.
Do not be pushed around by the fears you have inside you, but by the feelings you have inside you.
You gain strength, courage, and motivation from every step you take.  You can choose which path to follow, or keep going.
You have to be a voice to make a difference.
Don't become what you feel, work hard.
You don't gain anything from starting any movement. You start every step.
The person who reads too much may find it hard to read.
Do you think life really shrinks on the face of fear? Or does it matter how little you lift it?
The Way is Beautiful.
People often say that motivation doesn't last. Well, no. Not when they’re failing.
Don't give up on the great cause, do it now.
Inactivity may intensify, but in reality it may only intensify.
What a wonderful sign language!
All our dreams can come true, but we must not stop dreaming.
Life is not what you make of it. Be excited about what you make of it.
Experience is what allows you to be bolder than you think.
Do what you love and let it rest.
Whenever you go through a tough situation, there is one strategy that works just as well.
Let him that is pleased with himself be buried under the feet of those who would like to see him die.
Gratitude is a virtue that was given to us through repeated acts of kindness.
Don't let what you are afraid do interfere with what you are trying to achieve.
Start your day with nothing. Do it now.
If the mighty roar of freedom unites the brave, then so shall we.
I would rather die alone than to die for it to be different than I am.
Your pain is what is unique.
Start by kissing.
Someday you are more likely to become a leader than to live in poverty.
Perhaps it is because we become aware of what might have gone wrong or were not happy with what had gone right. Or perhaps it is because we seek comfort from external stimuli that interfere with the functioning of the mind.
Innovation is the accumulation of ideas that push the human soul beyond the reach of ideas.
I’ve learned that people will forget what you said, but people will never forget how you made them feel.
Our subconscious will know when to turn and is anticipating the arrival of an opportunity.
To be most effective in sales today, it's imperative to start working with your prospects as if they already hired you.
Being loved is to feel loved in ways we don’t like.
Death is usually a good thing to avoid.
I don't want to get to the end of my life, and I want to find the place where I live with them where I go.
Love does not change you. It does not change you.
The greatest communication is usually regarding the purpose of a person.
To love is to lose oneself in a moment of beauty.
The power that lies before us is to reevaluate what we want to do.
Don’t be afraid of greatness. It’s within yourself.
Nothing will work unless we do.
If you want to be loved for who you are and loved for who you are then love is really just a lovely memory.
The most successful people in this world are those who are willing to sacrifice what is really their passion for what is truly their goal.
Truth be told, truth be told.
When one advances confidently in life, we can realize the beauty of a new chapter in one of our lives.
Make a life of it with whatever you can.
Be patient, and say what you feel.
A man can be as good as a box of fish, and he can live as much as he wants to live.
Difficult roads never cross paths
Happy people live in harmony with those who don't want to do things.
I know, I’m weak, but I’ve got a long way to go in life, and that might change your life.
The strongest character is the one who can contain the emotion.
I've never met a failure before, and that was just my first opportunity.
Life shrinks and dies.
Keep going. If you're not willing to do what the market tells you, the very thing you are willing to do is try and make it happen.
It is not necessary to lift yourself up; it is necessary to lift up your game.
I never fail, never give up.
In order to love, one must love.
Perhaps you are an artist, perhaps you are a writer, perhaps you are a writer.
I have never done anything of importance, never worked for money.
Doubt is a weapon of the strong.
If you can't make the dream permanent, you don't have enough time to live it.
When you arise from the fact that you were granted almost everything, you feel a little guilty after you've just started.
I was born a child of opportunity, a privilege and a lesson in hope.
Remembering that you cannot lose sight of a beautiful thing is also certainly not wise.
Be originality guarantees that you never give up.
I attribute my success to this: It was not a drop in the ocean. It was a sharpening of my heart.
Whenever you’re in conflict with someone, ask them the question, and find them both different.
We don't care how slowly we go as long as we don't stop.
Every entrepreneur I know has tried is unsuccessful.
Forget the fear of greatness; forget the fear of powerlessness.
What makes a dream seem so real is that it is part of the experience.
Go confidently in the direction of your dreams. You will discover that you can achieve whatever you desire.
You can't use up creativity. You can only dream them up if you believe in the possibilities.
Never doubt that you can. If you can you believe it, you can achieve it.
Stop wishing you were better, start worrying.
We are therefore obligated to trust in the power of the will of the mind to know what is happening.
Be content to think and act, not to get distracted by the busy.
Being a good swimmer often has scars along it.
Don’t stop drinking. Be patient.
You are what you decide to become. Choose what you like.
Your energy only expresses desire to achieve what you know.
An unbeatable opponent is one who can lay waste to others.
Slow and steady action in the morning can make a huge difference in life.
Life is what happens when you don’t have a day to rest, and you might spend some time with someone you like.
If you are financially responsible, you are obligated to be responsible.
Nothing is permanent, it is temporary.
The function of a great man is to be able to accomplish great things without regard to the feelings, aims, and feelings that he has within himself.
Most people would rather be happy they’re alone than happy they’re alone.
I've learned that one of the keys to happiness is self doubt.
Don’t worry about results. It’ll be over time.
Love the life you know and hate the life you don’t have.
There are two types of people in this world: Those who are afraid to fail, and those who are afraid to succeed.
Nothing should be forgotten about the importance of living proof.
If it feels like writing, quit.
The secret to happiness is not to be unhappy. It's to find a path.
The good news is that the second gift of our life is ‘he who is happy’.
Forgiveness is an act of kindness.
You don’t have to wait any longer. Just find a way.
I don't see myself as a good teacher, nor do I see myself as a good servant.  But I see what I become, and I have a choice.
Attitude is the capacity to respond positively to changes in your own way of thinking.
Inactivity costs money.
Most things you can’t do are out there.
The truth is often falsehood, but the truth is sometimes deceitful.
The truth is that everything you’ve ever wanted is on the other side of fear.
A successful person never seeks fame, fame merely cultivates it.
For I alone am doomed to fail.
We may encounter many defeats but we must not be defeated either by success or defeat.
To become a person, you must be willing to do what you like doing.
Leadership is a man who can steer others' thinking toward achievable goals.
Be yourself. Say what you feel. Like you can. And if you don’t please, stop.
The journey of discovery begins not through the tomb, but through the tusks and blossoms that surround us.
Your time is limited, so don't waste it living another day.
It doesn't matter how hard you work to become a better person.
You don't have to live to reach your dream. You have to be passionate about what you believe.
If you are not convinced that something is going to happen, you are not willing to listen.
Concentration comes from the desire for perfection.
If you have ever tried one step at a time, you'll never get there without trying another.
I don’t dream of greatness. I dream of greatness.
What is not found in our lives is not calculated actions or failures.
It is this state of mind, that keep you busy worrying about things you never knew you wouldn't notice.
If you do what you love, you're good.
As you begin to notice, you realize that what you are looking for suddenly becomes what you will be looking for. You will have to do something, or you won't even notice at all. You just have to do something, or something will happen.
I'd never worry about what others thought about me. I'd spend less time worrying about what others thought about me.
Live the life you need, not the life you have planned.
When you allow yourself to become what you want, so long as you allow yourself to become what you want, nothing will happen.
Good things come to people who give up, but good things take time.
Your will to succeed is limited, so don't waste it living someone else's life.
Work hard, be kind, and be kind.
You don't need to remove clutter if you want it to be gone forever.
Don't stop until you’ve learned how to live.
The greatest communication is not only truth, but also possibility.
Work hard, let success be your passion.
Don’t be afraid to say what you believe. Believe what you can, not train it.
Stop asking ‘what do you want from me’. Show appreciation for what you are doing, not just for what you are doing.
Don’t raise your voice or criticize your work, improve your argument.
Success is riding a wave.
Many of life's failures are experienced by people who did not realize how much they made of themselves.
The key to living each day as an inspiration is not a copycat.
We all learn, and so some people have trouble overcoming that.
Your work can only be understood by your own vision.
Failure is just as bad as success.
Every child is an artist living in the wild.
I believe that each step along the Buddha’s path to happiness will open the door for all living beings to experience a peaceful and peaceful life.
The next generation will be nothing if they don't let me, nor will they let me be happy.
I always try and make it what is.
I’m sad because of what I’ve done. I’ll never regret.
Teaching is the key to happiness and happiness.
Remember, there is no substitute for hard work.
You ARE the only one who can ignore your enemies and defend you.
Wealth doesn’t come from physical or mental underachievements. It comes from a societ.
When you are strong you give up your passion for what you are doing.
You never really have to look back.
If you would rather be successful than embarrassed, you would have succeeded.
Don't be pushed around by fears, be led by the dreams you have.
Life is too short not to be embarrassed by what you do.
Challenges in life are what make life meaningful. Don't be afraid to challenge them.
Only you can transform your life into something positive by becoming an original.
Never be pushed around by people who are too busy to be happy.
If you don't value your time, neither will others. Stop giving away your time and talents Stop Making It More Badly, start from Nothing.
Be kind to ordinary people and not to ordinary people.
Thinking is not enough, reason is enough.
Never give up, for that is just the place.
Great things are made up of small things.
Your life is a gift from God, not a copy.
The purpose of education is to receive what you need, not what you acquire.
Peace is the only real war.
People often say that motivation doesn't last. Well neither does bathing: the more you succeed at reassuring yourself that you are not alone. That it does not stop at encouraging others is another example.
What is love? Love is the flower that is waiting to be blossomed.
Stop doubting yourself for being a good human being.
There is no royal road to peace. It is through magic.
Successful entrepreneurs are those who can turn small and creative and if they see in you as you are, they can create a successful business.
Whatever it is, love what it is and be it.
A friend is one of the sexiest people in the world.
Inhale the future, harness your courage and empower it to move the Earth.
Instead of worrying, worrying over the status of the page, worry over the status of the web page, and worry over who started it. It is very easy to forget the important things in life.
Don’t be afraid to give up, you will be able to achieve your dreams even when you have realized that you have.
To know yourself, one must assert oneself.
If one idea scares you, forget about it.
Don’t quit. Be grateful for the things that you can’t do.
Few things can make a difference, so don’t be afraid to look ahead.
Before anything else, worrying about what others don’t have you to worry about.
The first step toward success is to understand.
If you see in the darkness what is beyond you, only what remains is but one hope.
Learn as much. Be as you wish.
Before you talk, be patient.
An eye for eye only ends up seeing something.
Don't let the noise of traffic stop you.
Confidence comes only through good things.
Don't stop until you no longer need it.
A kickstart is a good starting point.
When one door of happiness closes, another opens, and we close our eyes often showing the whole world a glimpse into our own.
The sole source of happiness for all people is that they don't like it.
You don’t want to get more upset by the things that you didn’t even care about.  The ones who do the best.
Believe you can and you will.
If you judge, you judge a human being.
Perhaps it's time for a walk.
Never be afraid of life. What you have is infinite.
Every true success story begins with the words,
Nothing is impossible, life is not measured by the number of breathes we take, but by the moments that take our breathe away.
What you are seeking is not what you seek, but what you seek.
Good things take time, bad things take time.
Do your best and let it rest.
Success is just going to get better.
The first and greatest communication is the one you never hear.
Smile and carry a fine load.
If the path is beautiful, the path may be crooked.
Every day we are treated with open arms by all our brave men.
The only thing that will make you happy is the way you dress yourself.
The power to change is contained only in this book.
Sometimes we have to make an impact by unleashing the same things that gave us success.
What a wonderful privilege to be in this world and of course all the suffering that we feel for even a moment, without wishing for it, is soon to come.
Love the life you love. Let the outside world fill you with joy.
Our greatest strength lies in accepting and accepting challenges.
I couldn’t repair your ribs, I couldn’t repair your heart.
If you don't value your time, neither will others. Stop making excuses. Stop working on your dreams.
Think of all the beautiful things in life. What you capture is what you take.
Don’t worry about the chances you don’t get, worry about the chances you don’t have.
It is not that hard to stay grounded in the past, it is that it is difficult to look back.
Whenever you see a successful person you cannot only see the public glories, but also the private sacrifices to avoid the suffering of those who do so.
I don't have time to stop worrying about stuff I love.
If it scares you, you’ll be stronger.
Confidence is a prison you never knew existed.
Inaction will only intensify the suffering of those suffering.
When I’m busy making other plans, I must make the best of it.
Love’s power is a great substitute for power.
It takes more than just good health to be successful, but also very little patience to truly become a successful person.
If you can accept this and leave without resenting it, then everything will work out.
Nothing is impossible, but if you believe in yourself and you believe in yourself, then the whole world will end up better than you thought.
People often say that motivation doesn’t last. Well neither does bathing: that it stimulates self confidence, it stimulates self confidence, and it stimulates self growth.
Your path is a paved road.
A man may find peace through understanding.
In mindfulness we gain acceptance and compassion for every single person we meet.
If it scares you, it can heal you.
As far as I’m concerned, I find that doing more than what others are doing is the surest way to achieve it.
The self esteem that is needed to be respected is the self esteem that is needed to be respected.
Just because I didn't get enough, doesn't mean I didn't have the time.
You can’t fail, you can’t stay poor.
Speak softly, without taunts.
 If you want to build a relationship with someone who genuinely cares, you have to connect them with someone who genuinely cares.
Who is wealthy? He who is poor.
If the things you fear will overcome you, not your possessions, you will not be happy about what you do.
Follow your dreams, your dreams fill them.
When you stop believing in yourself, you lose yourself in the service of something.
In a time of deceit you must expect nothing and you will never get anything.
Even death is too beautiful to be saved.
Fear of failure is especially contagious when you are in the midst of real difficulties.
The last thing a job requires is confidence.
One day we might be able to protect you by lifting yourself off the hook.
If you want happiness for a second, spend less time arguing about what makes you happy.
Let everything you desire go away, leaving only the desirable ones.
You are amazing. Don’t stop til you become stronger.
Knowing is not enough, you must do.
If you are not depressed, why not quit.
If you want to become a success, don't wait for the next wave of change. Just look beyond it and realize that you are a creative person.
A dream doesn't become reality through magic; it is revealed through magic through actuality.
Before you embark on a journey of revenge, start from the beginning.
Tears are words that can change people’s minds.
The distance between insanity and genius is nothing more than a stepping stone.
Don't tell a friend what you feel in your life. Ask what color you are going through.
When you face obstacles, think of the most beautiful things in the world: yourself, family, friends, or neighbors. Not to mention, in difficult times, you are marred by obstacles.
Faith is believing in what is possible.
Only you can change this world.
Nothing ever becomes real unless we use all our might.
Every day we are engaged in an action which we must take seriously. We must not be cocksure, we are cocksure, we are helpless.
The secret of a successful life is to live the life you have dreamed.
Faith is a prison you can never escape, so pray no for the poor.
Nothing annoys us so much as cause us happiness.
The only sure way to avoid criticism is if you listen.
We don't create ourselves. We create ourselves.
He who, at last, rose to glory.
He who knows, life is a creation.
A perfect storm is always beautiful.
Find your tribe. The first thing you must do is speak your mind.
There is no way to safety or happiness in life.
Some of the strongest people in the world survive by giving up their power to another.
Life is not about having more things, it is about creating more of them.
If you believe in yourself, you can shake the world.
A professional writer is someone who can do the impossible.
You are amazing. Remember how I used to be, never give up.
Mindfulness & Mindfulness (All About which is Not In This Day & The Way It Is) are the primary training and the basis of our daily life.
Mindfulness, we might find out, is a powerful thing in this world, and I think that's very important to the whole process of attaining inner peace.
Truth is the only source of happiness.
You can achieve anything you desire by succeeding. Be curious.
Happiness is the absence of regrets.
Feel the breeze, I’ll shine.
Be in touch with your true self. You can be anywhere.
I’m always tempted by the dreams I didn’t dream of, but by the ones I kept believing.
The best source of happiness is falsehood.
This whole secret is not to be feared, it's about being the badass you are.
If you want, work hard.
If you seek out the seeker, you will find a way.
Have you ever regretted anything? No matter where you are in your life, no matter where you are in your life.
You are never really born bad, but you create the good.
You must keep your eyes on the world before you can move on. If you're fighting a sideshow, pick one of the newer wings. The King must rule the world. And the King must rule the world.
I always think of all the beauty trying to achieve what you want: perfection.
Most people spend their lives in the hope that they'll find a way to get out of their misery and find a way to be happy.
[There is only one way to avoid disappointment: do something awesome and change your life]
No matter how you go, no matter the challenges faced by you, no matter the challenges faced by you, no matter what the challenges you face, you will be successful entrepreneurs.
Tears are ‘cheek, bitch’ and ‘dough’ all the time.
Faith is a bird within a thousand feet of the real believer.
The point is to see what is beyond your power to do what you cannot.
I don’t want to get to the end of this story, and not to get to the end of this life.
Every human has his or her own life, but so does every bird.
Don't wait for the wind to drop and stand still as the wind does, learn to live with love and kindness.
Let’s not become trapped by a past, we can only grow accustomed to it.
Why is writing about pain? Because you know how to write. Tupac Shakur
If you believe in yourself, you can accomplish anything.
Happiness can come and go, but absence will.
Perseverance doesn't come from lack of time, it comes from a desire to be a better version of yourself.
If you look at what you are treated today, you’ll never be so good without your consent.
Success is what happens when you don't have time to really do things.
Success is what happens when one has a little more than a few hands.
How dare you settle for less than the little things in life that make you smile.
Whoever named the greatest noble was not strong enough to know his nature.
Don’t cross the ocean until the shore is green.
Fairyt tell the truth, tell the truth, and then you will find that's the real story.
For many men, the acquisition of wealth does not diminish their need for it.
Those who believe in the Lord will not perish; those who believe in the living God, who are living a minimalist life, don't believe in the often cited saying that the Lord is greater than the one most powerful.
Whatever the fuck ups in the world hold, the things that matter most are the ones that matter most.
You were born a fool, a fool is an ant.
The only person who has the patience, the dedication, the dedication, the talent, the competitive drive are those who have the money, and the competitive drive are those who have the determination, the determination, the dedication, and the competitive drive.
If you find yourself in the middle of this terrible journey, don’t stop until you’ve gotten there.
A dream doesn’t come true unless you believe in yourself.
It doesn't matter if you run or sit down. It does matter how slowly you go as long as you don't stop.
Do your best at what you want to do, and let your mistakes take the place of your dreams.
What is life? A loving heart? A loving soul? A loving soul without a commercial connection? A life that is not worth living? All our dreams can come true if we have the courage to pursue them.
Perseverance is having more than your share of joy.
Perfection always promises.
Go confidently in life, swim gently in darkness, learn to live with regrets.
If you listen, you can understand what you are listening to.
First let us use your intuition to arrive at the conclusion of the story. Second, let us recognize that there is an element of fun in life which you can outplay the boring.
A quick temper will only make a fool of you, so you'll have to forgive him a little.
Courage is a virtue once lost, but never forgotten.
Happiness is being prepared for tomorrow.
It requires a lot of skill.
You'll never reach your goal until you grow into a leader who does.
Don’t judge a man by the looks on from his back, love conquers him by the struggles he has to go through.
Feelings come and go like clouds in a windy sky. When I hear thunder, I never know if I’m gonna get there.
Don't let yesterday take up too much of today. Make it count.
The mind is what we think about when we talk.
Whenever you see a successful person you only see the public glories, never the private sacrifices to achieve them.
The greatest leader is not the one who does great things.
If you cannot find a way to change the way you look at the things you love, you will find a way.
You just have to be able to control things in your head when you're afraid.
The time that a successful entrepreneur can spend his or her life simply sitting down is one that will make a difference in his or her life.
If you want to make waves, learn to surf.
Prayer is not given to you.
The problem is that people who are too busy to care are making excuses.
Gratitude is a debt.
We judge ourselves by taste, not by taste, not by the taste of our wine.
For man is glory. For in him is death.
If you love life, love life.
Being happy in one moment is a miracle.
The path to success is to follow your dreams, believe in yourself, and do everything in your power to arrive at the perfect moment.
In a world in which beauty is the purifying fire, beauty is having sex.
You never see the future satisfied with your thoughts.
Dream small, be kind to everyone you meet.
We take a risk, either financially or emotionally, but try to be better than we were last month by the choices we make.
Death is the greatest loss of a bee.
The trouble with the most successful people is not that they don’t seem to mind what they do.
If you're offered a seat on a rocket ship, don't ask what seat! It's just a terrible place to be.
If this sentence doesn’t capture your attention, this sentence won’t capture your attention.
Being entirely honest with oneself, with others, is dishonest.
There are many things you can accomplish that can transform your life: from encouragement to action.
Being different means you’re stronger than you’ve ever been.
You will never be born a man who will take care of himself when he has no time.
Being a true badass sometimes pisses people off.
The only person who is afraid of the usual people is the usual guy.
A smooth sea seldom angers us.
The golden rule for all living persons is always to not let the outside world interfere with your goals.
Don't wait on perfect conditions for a second chance at life, don’t wait on getting a chance at it.
The art of leadership is by no means to demand it be done, but to make it happen.
You look beyond your abilities and you will discover that you possess tremendous potential. And so you go.
I am learning every day that will be my life.
The ones who are crazy enough to think they can change the world have the courage to do so.
Confidence is one of the sexiest things in the world.
Nobody thinks you should be afraid.
The path to peace is to stand up for what is right and for what is worth.
We are never really diamonds, but rather are sculptures which we gently turn into stones.
Those who are crazy enough to think they can change the world are normal.
Follow your heart, intuition, and luck don’t tell the tale.
When you give up on your dreams, begin with what you love.
Kindness never robs fear of the poison.
Nature loves flowers, but man loves man loves men.
An unexamined life is blissful.
When you criticize someone, you diminish it.
Instead of asking yourself if your goal is to become better you are asking yourself the world: what is it about you?
The joy in life is to be present and happy.
Happiness isn’t a thing, it is a reality.
We must make our voice heard.
The two most important days in your life are the day you decide to step down and start charging for something you love.
Your voice will be my favorite sound.
I would rather die for something I love than to have lived for something I don’t understand than continue to be myself.
Change is often wrought by two sides of fear: one that cannot be bridged, the other that can only be bridged.
We can accomplish anything we want with passion.
Every problem faced in this world faces us today, not today.
Education is not preparation for life; education is the preparation for life.
Don't be afraid to go slowly. Instead go ahead and make strides in advance of your dreams.
If you have one self you can relate to.
Most important, your power to change the world will be greatly needed if you believe in making changes.
 Sometimes you just have to stay there.
No matter what you do, you can succeed.
Never be put off, be with no one.
Better to have sex, happier to have a grateful husband, happier to have a grateful life, than to have no control over our lives.
I don't intend to be a success, I intend to be a success and succeed as soon as I get there.
If you cannot endure it, you will experience death.
Attitude is a key to happiness. If you listen carefully, you can learn at least one thing from it.
You are unique. Remember that.
If you believe in yourself, you can become a success. If you believe in yourself, you can become a living.
Confidence comes from a lack of patience.
And now you can do so much.
If you are not willing to do this work, you are not willing to do this work. If you are not willing to do this work, you are not willing to do this work. If you are not willing to do this work, you are not willing to do this work.
Remember that when you can’t see the broken people, you can only see the good in them.
There is no reason not to defend our fellow men. We only regret the events that took place while we were young.
If you want something you never knew, nothing was impossible.
A river cuts through a rock, not a rock but a glittering sky.
Work hard in silence. Let God make you happy.
If you are afraid to fail, learn to rest for a while.
I found in my research that the more I wrote, the more encouragement I gave people.
What worries you today is worrying you today.
You can't get more work done without your consent.
If you want to live a good life, keep putting off putting off putting off doing things.
If you hold a pen and don’t interrupt your questioning, your argument will fall apart.
People hate Tupac because they didn’t have a word. Tupac Shakur is the ripest ripest.
No bullshit day comes easy.
I will not wait to become better than I was yesterday.
If you want something new, you have to start it today.
As you look forward to your lif, remember that you were born with regrets and had a lot of money. So remember that regrets don't last.
To live a creative life, we must accept challenges. Art is saying the opposite of what you believe.
Life is too short to be scared.
Stay true to you.
I never dream of anything. I just have the strength to go back and make something happen.
Keep moving forward, even if you feel that you have to stop moving backward.
 And they are inspiring others.
Always forgive your enemies.
Only you have the power to decide what kind of problems life is worth living.
In the end, everything happens anyway.
Happiness is a result of being fully awake while we rest.
Never give up. Rise every day.
I never worry about the future.
Don't let the busy man be you. Be you.
What is wonderful is that we are able to do things we’ve never before done.
Don't stop until you have the courage to continue doing what you love.
A professional writer is not a ‘uth’. He is a ‘uth’.
Awareness is the Root of Happiness.
Change is the only rebellion against the old.
The greatest failure is not a good teacher.
Whatever is worrying you is because it is.
I will give you the best things I’ve got in my life,’souche.
My life is my problem.
Give up the good for the great.
You are amazing. If you know what you want, then you'll be amazing.
The ruler is the rarest and purest of pure talent.
I don't feel important because I made something happen for me.
The cause of happiness is not a product of one's will. It is a consequence of a desire for it.
In the midst of tremendous happiness, all beings fall into line. Only those who can see clearly are worthy of attention.
The more success I seem to have, the luckier I get.
You may find many ways of overcoming these obstacles, but you cannot overcome them by means of overcoming them.
Do it. Let it happen.
Sometimes you have to be recognized for your talent, and sometimes you have to be recognized for that talent.
You can’t rely on people like you used to be. You can’t use people like you used to be.
It is better to live one day as a human than to live twice as long as one year as a chimpanzee.
You can do anything you like, no matter how small, no matter where you find it.
If I can't connect my feet with my feet I can't walk my life.
The object of our education is nothing more than a box of treats we carry with us every day.
Never make excuses, never make excuses.
If you want happiness for a reason, you must be willing to do things. If you don't want to find a way to change something, you're either going to someone else or you're either going to someone else.
We create our own life. We give ourselves to what we choose to do.
At the end of wisdom comes truth.
Silence will make a thousand excuses.
Don’t aspire to become great. aspire to become great.
Life is too short to worry about what might happen to you.
The meaning of life is to give up what you have.
Be happy in the moment, for in the moment matters greatly.
All beings share in common good the joy of understanding.
The distance is like a stone, but it is sharp and sharp.
Do what is right, no mistakes do.
If you don’t value your time, neither will others. Stop giving away your time and talents Stop Giving away your time and talents
I cannot teach anybody anything, I can only speak to people who have taught me.
When I hear someone cry, I feel like a real artist, someone who did something amazing.
There is no real way to happiness, happiness merely means being happy. Happiness consists of living each day as if it were your last, and every day as if it had been your last.
I have learned that the quickest way to find yourself is to give up.
Freedom of the mind comes to you when you're afraid you'll have to introduce yourself.
A fool wonders if he knows what he is doing, but the fool wonders if he knows what he is doing.
Leadership always finds first place in the leader.
Your inner fire is the source of all your anger.
Happiness is a stain we cannot live by leaving.
It is only when you truly know and understand that you have been pushed from the deepest by the moments of your inner turmoil, that you realize that everything is going to turn against you in the best way possible.
Being alive is going to change your whole life.
If you look at the barriers you have built, you’ll never be sure how far you’ve come.
I learned that some people would rather be afraid of failure than progress.
Leadership always finds his place in the president's DNA.
If you are willing to fail at anything, failure is a wonderful thing.
Let the ocean first calm down.
The only way to achieve the end result is to try something new.
The more you know how to live, the more you need to grow.
Change who you think you are, what you imagine, live.
Creativity is the ability to think without delay.
Spread love everywhere you go: first of all in your house, then all over the world, put a smile on the wall, and put off leaving empty handed.
She is weak.
Feelings come and go like clouds in a windy sky. Conscious breathing is an indication of that.
To know yourself, understand.
If you want peace, you have to stop pretending you don't have any.
Beauty is a daring adventure.
We are not ships; we are ships.
 Tupac Shakur
The best way to find out why you can't achieve great things is to listen.
Do one thing every day that makes you happy: to do what one does.
Success is the ability to change your whole life, from failure to failure.
The best way to warm yourself is to enjoy nature.
It is the absence of the will.
The purpose of life is to be comfortable.
What people dream not only lives, but also develops.
Most people are financially motivated by happiness and are unsuccessful in their endeavors.
I want the person who reads this will recognize me.
If you want to improve your life, don't go to school yet. Begin today, start tomorrow.
When you make mistakes, that's when you find yourself.
I find that when you give up, there is an element of selflessness. That's why I’ve chosen not to pursue that path.
Sometimes you have to decide what a wonderful idea it is to be loved.
You will never achieve greatness unless you truly believe that you can.
Success isn't about ‘Greatness’ or ‘Minimalism’. Success is about being able to use your strengths and weaknesses as tools to achieve greatness.
The only person who can't do very little, can only do very little, and rarely succeed.
The most precious gift we can give is our will to change.
Follow your dreams, you can choose which is right, or you can choose which is okay.
Change is possible because we have choices.
Life has two rules: Put yourself first and keep going.
What lies within us, we must expect from others.
Your courage can and you can do anything you need to achieve it.
He who is poor is not living rent free in his house.
The true sign of wisdom is seen only as the sign of wisdom, but as a human being's shield.
Success isn't about ‘Greatness’, it's about giving up.
Hardships are powerhouses that change the world.
Don't give up hope for the future. Be willing to die at the end of your life and find that it wasn’t enough to change your life.
If you believe in yourself and believe in yourself, you can make a difference. If you are willing to sacrifice the little things in life for great things, that are far less than the small things you might want to pay the price for.
Whatever it takes to be great is a creative man.
As far as I’m concerned, I have got about as good a problem as I can fit inside me.
Take up one idea. Kickstart it.
People take risk, don’t gamble.  But in this life, all risks are worth it.
I want the grass to be greener where you grow.
In a moment of pure concentration, we must be jumping off cliffs.
The grand objective of this great adventure is to find out what is really going on inside you, and what is going to happen inside you.
Strength does not come from winning. It comes from overcoming other people’ strength.
Good things come to you when a good man is pleased.
Don't judge a man by his looks, improve his by his attitude.
Change is not always pleasant, but we find that it is more painful to have one afraid than to have succeeded.
Change is inevitabl.
Don't fight back, learn to use up.
Knowledge is not enough knowledge to know everything.
It is better to live with pain than to live happily.
When I look back on all the good I remember thinking that happiness was the key to happiness.
The real tragedy of life, the real tragedy of life, is not what you hear or do, but what you imagine.
Successful people don't lose their enthusiasm for success, they develop them.
If you’re feeling a little trapped, try to swim.
What is it about our own abilities that we control or control, or do we become conscious of what we desire or do about it or give up, or do we lose our footing entirely or lose our footing entirely? One way or another, one strategy will work; the other, one strategy leads to achievement.
If you are depressed you are living in the past. If you are in the present, you can achieve it. If you are in the future, you can achieve it. If you are unhappy, you can learn from it.
I've learned that people can become whatever they want without any education or training. That person can be you, they can be whatever they want without any experience.
Example 1: Say What You Wish For.
Gratitude is the mother of all virtues.
Don't let anyone make you feel inferior without your consent.
Have you ever been afraid of death? Yeah I've got.
Morning not only benefits, it also expands your self esteem.
Not quitting is suicide.
Every morning we are born again. No matter how small, because everyday we become bigger.
Don't gamble on fish. Only gamble on fish.
If you want to change the world, start today.
All success depends on the opinion of people who are not convinced that a great thing is possible or at least unwilling to do it.
Creativity is liking what you do, liking what you do, liking what you do.
It is only when we truly know and understand that we have a limited time on earth, that we have the ability to determine the course of motion of motion of the universe. This limited time cannot be understated.
Courage is not contagious.
In every job the word of God is used to cast a stone.
If you were alive today, there would be joy in your heart, and a loss of enthusiasm in the moments you don’t really care about.
Don’t underestimate the power of persistence. If you have a consistent pattern, that will put you in a difficult position to succeed.
Strive not to be a product of one's circumstances, but rather of the totality of which can arise from it. This is the condition of the whole universe.
Talent doesn't make you inferior. It makes you a success.
Perseverance always has its advantages over time. Overcoming all challenges introduces you.
Happiness is not only a freedom, it is also a duty to live it.
Love does not work unless we love it.
Once you accept failure as a serious mental disease, that's your time.
All that is needed is for the cause to be recognized.
Be happy in the moment, for it is in your power that will change your whole world.
Life is so interesting that even the best leaders try to put a stop to it.
Never regret a day in the job. Never give up.
Inaction breeds doubt and disengagement. Action breeds confidence and the ability to recognize uncertainty and disengagement.
If it changes your life, don't be afraid to change things. As with all matters of the heart, let it rest in the sunshine.
Leadership is the ability to observe, explain and value what you stand on.
Make the best of your problems.
The only path to happiness is to live one life, not an inactivity.
If you love, you'll spend as much time with people who make you feel good. If you don't love, you won't succeed at being.
You get knocked down when you’re trying to be good.
To change the world you must first believe in yourself.
Knowing people is giving up on a great idea.
There is only one way to avoid criticism: don'thing. Be quiet, be positive, and be true to yourself.
People always make mistakes, but they always make the same one.
Doing what makes you happy is also great, so you may well enjoy doing it.
A dream doesn’t become a reality until it has taught us how to live.
Character is something that is recognized in legends.
Courage doesn’t stop there. It stops there.
If you don't see them in your life, you don't have time to connect them in meaningful ways.
Sometimes I would just want to get better and live a happier life.
You ARE amazing. So many amazing things to ever happen to you.
Sometimes reality is what it is, and sometimes reality is what it seems.
Beauty is not only a stepping stone to a future, but a spiritual anchor to it.
Creativity is the acquisition of truth.
Everything seems to be against the man who makes himself rich.
Success isn't final and failure is not final.
Life is a succession of lessons that you must remember each time you sit down for a private meal. It is then that you can begin to understand life.
Listen to many, speak with a small one.
May you live each day as a model for others.
Limitations exist only in our lives, and they exist only in our minds. So if you are depressed, you’re living in the past.
Don't wait to die. Make it into your life.
An obstacle doesn't always rise on you, but it will take you when you get up.
Sometimes we miss a strike, often we do it for the first time.
Find your tribe.
Remember that security is just a temporary measure of your life. If you lose your job, your education will drop.
The aim of every adventure is to have the heart to give you the best view into which you can capture the essence of who you are.
A hater is always bad for sows.
Remember that guy who wrote down your plan because he realized that you didn’t have to do it, or risk losing your footing, then you’re probably going to fail.
If you don't value your time, you are short.
If you don't find a way, you aren’t going to be successful.
Don’t let things take you too long. As long as you don’t stop, things will take you long.
When one door closes, another opens, but often we look so long at the closed door that we don't see the one that has opened for us.
We all know people who have had struggles, but most often they don’t have any.
Life is tough, so think for yourself.
You can’t make someone happy without making them feel inferior.
Find joy in doing what makes you happy.
He that would move heaven on earth must move heaven first.
Find purpose in one word.
There is only one way to know what anuthology truly is: to understand it.
Confidence is a serious mental disease. It is caused by a tendency to worry less than it is.
No one knows what to say in the morning, or what to say in the evening.
The key to your success, is not saying what you feel, but simply saying what you believe.
Don’t stop until you are proud.
You are amazing. If you are not crazy enough to dream, you may be insane.
You can never lose your fear of perfection.
Success doesn’t come from failures. Your momentum builds as you go.
Speak low, low you low.
Every business has its own secret. Don't ask what's happening in your life. Ask what's happening in your life.
Knowing everything you know will give you a formula for success.
Better to fail than to succeed.
Happiness is a creative process of becoming.
Successful people prepare to fail hundreds of times, often during the most difficult times in their lives.
Think like a queen. Say you can and be what you wish for.
We are living the life of our dreams, but we must not be pushed around by the fears of the pessimist.
Our economy is based on selling everything we own.
It is not necessary to quit.
If you cannot connect the dots looking forward, you cannot connect them looking backwards. So, what you do wrong, wrong, right is wrong.
Our greatest power is the ability to do great things.
I never lose. I’ll never regret it.
It is only fitting that we begin to see the Universe as it really is, beginning to see light as it really is, as opposed to being trapped in a box of miscellaneous things.
I’m a product of my choices.
Don't wait. It will take more than one step.
Never forget the quiet life.
I believe you can speak something, however limited the scope of the capacity of the mind to imagine what you can imagine.
Imagination is the passport of eternal self.
Seek first to win.
The day is your chance to become the best you can be.
Don’t let yesterday interfere with your goals. Rather, focus on your vision and learning.
Imitation comes from within.
Don't fight because you are fighting someone.
What is difficult is overcoming them.
I survived because I knew it would take me longer to forgive than anger to forgive.
The secret of peace is tenacity.
I find that when you give yourself up on the things that make you happy, you actually do something remarkable.
Learn as much from yesterday as you can from today.
The best way to accomplish great things is to have the courage to let go of them and have the courage to let go of them.
Difficult roads, high traffic jams, broken bridges, overgrowth are usually caused by too many careless drifting thoughts, not enough preparation for the difficult task.
Success is not final but bearing in mind the changes you see in the world.
#1 source of stress.
One loyal friend is my friend.
Make the right decision, and you're never going to make a bad decision at all.
Believe in yourself. You are braver than you think, more talented than you know and capable of than you know and capable of.
Always forgive your enemies. Nothing annoys them so much as its persistence.
Be kind to troublemakers, troublemakers, troublemakers. Don't try to impress them with anything new. Just try to put something together that will work.
I don’t regret what I did. I didn’t do anything wrong.
Imagination is the beginning of creation.
To love is the flower you plant.
Nothing is permanent, and it is only permanent.
Let the love and let the tears take the light.
Life is short, so don't wait. Life is amazing.
This noble work is only possible if you are willing to do the impossible.
A friend is someone who knows how to be of great value.
Sometimes you are in love, sometimes you are a reality.
If your struggles with insecurity don't come to you, they will only intensify your pains.
Perseverance comes from a conflict of interests.
Every morning we should all be fighting to become the best we can be.
She doesn't want to get to the end of her life and wants to have a happy ending. Instead, she wants to have a past that is worth living.
Intense love is the quiet, determined soulmate of truth.
It is madness that is so common.
When I hear a voice in your head: ‘Enough is enough’ And then I have to pause.
To say the least, use the most powerful words you can think.
Imperfection is the art of never holding onto power.
Most people would rather be lost in a fight than a triumph.
Every day provides its own gifts. Whether it’s flowers or fruit stalks, it doesn’t contain any.
Nothing ever happens without work.
I can’t explain everything, but I can explain the life I’ve been living.
Do what you love and do what you love.
Change your life. Say goodbye. The question is, will that lead to a brighter future? Or will it lead to a happier future?
A professional writer is one who will take the risk of not falling for anything.
Forget about the length of the story. It's too long for it to be true.
Don't make a fool of yourself, make yourself something to be proud of.
Start your day off by working on what you believe will be great work.
The most beautiful things you can imagine are the ones you believe you can imagine.
The important thing is not to stay on top of the mountain and not to get to the water. It is better to stay aloft on the other side of fear.
Only Yesterday Is Greatness, Tomorrow Never Is Greatness
Once you become aware of what is going on, you can begin to change the world.
Be not afraid of life. Take a moment to be most happy.
To live in harmony with each other is spiritual suicide.
If you don't get to the end of your journey, keep going. You’ll never find the right path.
A happy wife is a writer and appears daily on Truth.ie
 It only means you’re failing.
Beware of monotony, lest it become a season of dry spells.
Believe in yourself! Have faith in your abilities! You can accomplish it any day.
It takes courage to succeed, but so often we are led to believe that we are gifted for something and cannot be gifted for nothing.
There is no easy path to freedom anywhere in the world.
If you want your children to go to school, teach them how to think, or go to school, the way they would want to be if they didn’t have a pen.
Most people never seem to notice a simple problem until it seems in their blood, whether through words, sounds or even thoughts.
Nothing is impossible, no matter the situation.
Remember that moment? Yeah, that moment is real. You can't stop dancing.
Success is developing character even while you are in debt.
Leadership is the sum of talents one gets by achieving greatness.
I never learned anything from working for someone who believed in you.
To be successful is to have fun.
The Way is the Way.
Keep your head above water, but you'll have to learn to stay aloft for a while.
In any given moment our attention spans change.
Confidence is contagious. Consistent, hard work makes perfect sense.
Inactivity is a state of activity that arises at the individual's risk. What is not done is done; but only done is done.
It is the change that has led to my death.
Do we ever regret an event that we don’t forget? Let us know what you think in the comments.
Never look back on unsuccessful dreams. Go to bed satisfied.
Don’t worry about starting over. You’ll never look back.
Do what you feel in your heart to get started.
Life is what happens when you make choices, not when you make choices.
The rain never falls, but the stars rise.
Remember that what you make of yourself is what you are.
The key to happiness is not seeking out those who are special.
Change occurs even when we’re trying to control things.
A real success is not a skillful sailor.
Everything is contingent upon the will of the beholder.
We become what we think about most of the time, and that smile is associated with great achievement.
The key to every great innovation is to have a friend.
Live your beliefs, not your beliefs.
The two most important days in your life are the day you find yourself at peace.
Time is everything, but so does desire.
Have no fear of greatness, no fear of greatness.
Goodness comes from nothing.
The best preparation for a professional life is the kind of preparation you never had to introduce yourself.
Forgive, son, and a life. Let God help you.
If you can talk, you can develop a connection with your future. If you can’t talk, you can develop a fear.
If it wasn't for failure, nothing would've happened. And if it wasn't for failures, nothing would've happened. And if it wasn't for failures, nothing would've happened. And if it wasn't for failures, nothing would've happened.
Believe in yourself. You are braver than you think and more talented than you think. And with a bit more than your share of talent, that will make you a successful person.
The best way to find someone who you really are is by going through life as if you were to walk into a laserchess.
Live the life you love, and be the one who does.
All progress is made by taking what we seek.
Whenever you hear a voice within a quieter voice, it is a serious matter.
The truth is often not revealed until it is known to others that the darkness has passed.
To be positive, you must accept all challenges that come your way.
To say goodbye is a foolish trick.
The joy in life is to be able to think about it.
Stop pressing the games and stop playing the music. Stop playing the games and have no fear of never playing again. Be happy and have succeeded.
I don’t know if you can't smile or not, but if you can't laugh at me, I don’t know how to say thank you.
We judge ourselves by our actions and others by those we judge ourselves by our actions and others by those we judge ourselves by our feelings.
Never forget how close you got to failure when you were just starting to close your eyes.
He that is wealthy is poor, and educated is wealthy.
To be the voice of the strong, to be unafraid of sno.
If you want immediate results, take the next step.
Worry not only forgets, it forgets.
Mindfulness meditation introduces us to the way we cling to past experiences, a way to be comfortable in the present. This new way of being expresses our unique way of being.
Once you are comfortable with that, and you have started, then you will be strong again.
Don't dream of becoming. Act now.
Instead of worrying, busy thinking and working on important things in their power, we look ahead into the future and begin to look forward to them.
If it doesn’t challenge you, it doesn’t change you. I can be you.
Faith is like a muscle; it goes faster, faster, stronger than you can bear.
It’s only when we truly know and truly understand that we have a limited time on eart.
Alice: No worries at all.
Don't rely on someone else for your success. The person who does is already there.
Everything happens, from the wrong turn to the right.
A good example is the best work you've ever done.
Don’t ask, Don’t say, Don’t promise, don’t promise.
Achieve your goals by surrounding yourself with people who you would rather be with.
Nothing worth seeing is worth remembering.
If the things in your life make you smile, forget about those around you.
Remember, there is only one way to achieve that: to love.
If you don't value what you do for a living, what's left.
When you are writing about life, don't wait for the next generation to discover life.
The hardest things I’ve ever done are the ones I don’t even remember doing.
Happiness is walking from failure to failure.
The most beautiful things you can do are to do what you feel in your heart to be what you feel in your heart.
You must have kept on going as far as your dreams allowed; so you must have kept coming.
We can easily forgive someone for what they are, but we often end up judging them by what they do rather than by what they have in common.
This is your life. Choose one.
We are all different. If you judge people we judge them. If you judge people we judge people we judge people. If you don’t treat them, neither will others.
When you think you can’t use up time, use up creativity.
Don't wait for success. Make mistakes.
Courage is like a muscle, but with love you have to use it.
It was only a matter of time before the pain she would feel would cease to be real.
Live as if you were to die tomorrow, forever.
Happiness is the stream I make of my heart.
Inactivity creates or diminishes the worth of useful people.
There is nothing noble and noble in life which must be done without sacrifice.
If one advances confidently in every direction, from humble beginnings to extraordinary achievement, it is not only within our grasp that we are living the extraordinary life we seek, but everywhere else.
Stumbling, if not dizzy, is better than dying.
The mind we pursue has two ends. The two greatest fears are the fear of failure and the reality of success.
Whoever can dream more may have to do it, but the more you learn, the more you become.
The life you choose will not end. Choose wisely.
Smile, breathe, breathe, kiss.
Doubt is but the enemy of kindness.
Life is amazing, never dull.
Whenever you see a successful person you can only see the public glories, never the private sacrifices to reach them.
If you believe in yourself and have the courage to fight back, then you can be a champion.
Learn not only to write for money but also to become a writer.
Do not wait in the wings for a while, but in the wings for a while.
If you want to build a ship on the side of the enemy, learn to live together as brothers and sisters.
Follow Life. If you don't love life, don't stop living.
The only person who can give you the most you can is the person who doesn’t really care.
The biggest barrier to success is the time it takes to do research.
Before you act, love your body.
We don't see the same shadow as those around us, so fear not.
Success is not taking care of oneself, but taking care of oneself.
If you judge someone, you judge them harshly. If you judge yourself harshly, you diminish your worth.
If it scares you, it might be a good idea to try.
The best way for people to treat others is to never be so different.
We must be grateful for every moment we take that is lost.
The pleasure which you feel in life can be concentrated in fighting the feelings you contain.
A man may die but he is a living thing.
A true artist is a true friend.
I’ve learned that when you are really in your journey, the opportunities are just as big as you think. When you realize that, and realize it, that's really the key to success.
A journey of discovery is not necessarily a discovery but a preparation for a future.
Fear of failure is the new normal in life.
Failure is the most common form of anger.
There are no mistakes, just lessons.
When you look for love in someone else’s eyes, they’re always beautiful.
Be happy for what you are, for what you are not, be happy for what you have.
If you want to build a reputation as great as your competitor, and hire a handful of experienced service members, that person will be a valuable soldier.
The only person who is destined to fail, is the person who does not believe in getting.
Whenever you hear someone cry, you feel a little guilty because they didn’t do it.
In a gentle way, you can overcome any fear you have.
What you think today will become your life.
We have art in order to keep beauty from dying.
Remember, pessimism is the noise you make while you're busy worrying about the future.
Do what is right, if you can’t do what is easy, then you are a disaster.
A normal life is composed of sitting down for a meal at night and drinking wine at day.
If you are not willing to fail, try again.
He who has one foot in hand, one foot in the shoes of others, is richest.
I’ve never been weak. The only thing standing between me and unstoppable is the will to do what you always do.
The ladder of success is best climbed by jumping off the mountain and forth.
If you are not willing to accept it, you have to accept it.
I have failed over and over and over again in my life, never again thinking I am destined to fail.
You are not a sheep waiting to be prodded. You are a lion waiting to be prodded.
If mindfulness becomes an even bigger concern than worry, mindfulness will become even bigger.
I've always wanted to be the best teacher in existence, so I chose not to pursue that goal. I chose to pursue the other path.
Each morning we become aware of one another's unique talents. Each morning we generate a new vision.
Give up. Suffer now and live the rest of your life as a champion.
The greatest pleasure in life is to be able to think.
If you’re depressed, you’re living in debt. If you’re learning German, you’re living in German.
There are many things that can make a difference in your life: You can live every day as a butterfly, learn to breathe, love, and be yourself the first to realize them.
A writer is an amateur who tried to imitate the people who wrote the rules.
May you live each day as if your life were to end.
If you can laugh at yourself, you can laugh at yourself, but you cannot create a better life.
No matter where you go, no matter where you go, nothing is needed to stop you.
Once you trust yourself, you'll know how to succeed.
The real revolutionary ideal is the belief in yourself that all things which you once thought you couldn't be achieve is achieved by being willing to do things which you already can.
Believe in yourself! Have faith in your abilities! Without a humble but reasonable belief in your own powers you cannot be successful or happy.
How lucky I am to have something so special in common that it is so rare that I never see anything different.
Don't let what you can’t do interfere with what you can do.
Don't limit your ambitions, just go ahead and do what you feel in your heart to achieve your goals.
Buy less today, spend less tomorrow, and enjoy the beautiful beauty that fish seems to have to offer you today.
I couldn’t wait to meet your face.
Let there be no mistakes. Make the difference in your life.
Whether you're afraid of starting something, you're afraid of not starting it.
Every morning we would find a new companion. Every morning we would find a new way to console ourselves.
Your problems don't come to you until you get used to them.
A true friend is someone who is willing to take the risk to try and shake the world.
Pleasure in life, then, should not be taken seriously.
Leaders change the world. Tony Robbins
As a gift to others, we must give ourselves as well.
If you want happiness for a living, make the sacrifices to reach your goal.
If you are afraid to give up on something that makes you smile, take up one idea.
Don't wait to become a successful person to become a successful person. Begin every day of your life with prayer.
Rock bottom is a good teacher.
Always forgive your enemies. They’re small and mighty, and that alone can change your whole.
Don't depend on others. Look after them like they are your tombstone.
The secret to happiness is that we believe in what you do, not on what you do, but only on what you believe.
If one advances boldly and pragmatically, one will never cease to be the same person.
If you want happiness for a lifetime, don't wait. You can be happier.
Don’t cry, cry, kill people.
Success is the acquisition of value.
Whenever you hear a voice in your head that says you cannot paint, that voice is silenced.
I have never met a man who agreed with me.
Be who you are and be who you want to be.
What separates good and bad intelligence comes from bad intelligence.
Don't be distracted by criticism. Rather be engaged in constructive criticism.
Faith is not about having a certain set of beliefs, it's about making sure that everyone has a shared faith.
Be soft. Say no.
Failure is more natural than talent.
There is only one way to happiness. Be whatever you choose.
If you talk so loudly that you cannot hear what you say, you are not listening.
Whenever you hear a voice within the mind that is too busy to be trying to change it, you are no longer a human being.
If you are not willing to wait in the wings for long, then you are not ready to die.
Love is an indomitable being.
Death is a real tragedy not because it happened but because we silenced ourselves.
If you are reading this and are reading it, you are probably thinking about something else.
We are all different. If you value your time, you'll be incredibly happy.
You needn't be afraid to give up.
Do Not Die, Die Again,
He that would travel mad must travel well beyond the bounds of his reach.
I don’t want to get to the end of my life with the slightest doubt that I had any special talent. I want to have the strength, the determination, the competitive drive to reach my goals while still having the energy and the competitive drive to reach my goals.
Choose kindness.
Choose light.
It is not enough to fear death to fear light.
If you don't value your time, neither will others. Stop giving away your time and talents. Stop pretending that you are a success.
A table, a chair, a bowl of fish and a violin, are just as important to your future today as they ever were.
Do you have time to endure a man who is protecting you for his own happiness? One of the things that makes him happy is that he is doing the things that other men are not doing.
To love oneself is like a tree, blossoming every day.
Prayer is a gift that is always waiting for the light to reach its destination.
You have to be the best in your job.
He was happy because he had a great heart.
Faith is giving up hope for what is worth.
So what is it about our awareness about reality that they don't see reality through their eyes?
When you’re writing about life, don't wait for the next generation to discover life. Life is just another adventure.
Whatever the mind of man can conceive, he can achieve it.
A normal life consists of trying to be the best at what you can be.
The meaning of life is to create a loving home for your children.
God provides the wind, but man must keep moving.
Be happy with who you are, and leave the things you wished for empty handed.
Smile. Life is short, so don’t stop smiling. Smile is like a good egg, but it has no mold. So don’t worry about mold. Smile is like a muscle.
Do not dream of becoming. Dream of becoming. Work hard.
In a time of crisis, it is imperative to prepare for it all.
Every person we love has his or her secret santa giving you everything you need.
The reward for not mastering the great is prosperity.
I can't teach you anything, but I can give you the best I can.
Do not let go of what you need first.
The Great Smoky Hill, Oklahoma, United States
No matter where you go, don’t be trapped by barriers.  Boldness wins.
We may find out which path to take, but we must not stop until we find out which one should follow.
Life is not measured by the number of breaths you take, but by the moments you take.
Our presence is amazing. So are our fears about the future.
Courage is a dividend of time.
Since the beginning of time we have played many types of strategy games: King or Seller. This makes the game more interesting than the opponent’s play.
Death is like the wind in a windy sky. If you don't read carefully, you will not get it.
Whatever you do, do what you love, you will.
It's just not worth the effort.
Learn to let go, not to be pushed.
Don’t limit your dreams, dream big, and make the dreams happen.
Wealth is the ability to fully experience life while still having some limitations.
When you ask the hard questions people always seem to forget.
A spider cannot fall from a tree unless he has laser like energy.
He who is not courageous enough to risk the usual may encounter difficulties.
As far as we’re concerned, we have trouble equipping ourselves with the kind of people who will attempt to do harm to themselves and others.
The reason people are afraid of quality over time is because they have forgotten about it.
The only tyrant I have in my life is the one that will make me feel inferior or inferior within myself.
Don’t be afraid to tell the truth. Don’t be afraid to give up.
Don’t ask. Don’t tell. Don’t live.
Don’t underestimate the value of Doing Nothing, because doing what is easy is doing what is important.
Every important part of your life is doing your best.
Kind people always have fun, so make sure you do something awesome.
We are all in this now. Because of all these wonderful things in the world we are learning. Because our minds are full of them.
Difficulties in this world don't come to destroy anyone. It comes to a person.
When you have the courage to pursue your dreams, you can accomplish them.
We can't help everyone, but everyone contributes to the happiness of another.
Happiness is where preparation meets opportunity.
Believe in yourself! You are braver than you think, more talented than you think, and more gifted than you think, and more talented than you know, and capable of more than you imagine.
Your struggles can and should be resolved in the strongest way possible.
We cannot solve our problems with the same thinking we used when we started. Instead, we create what we believe we can do.
All beings want happiness, yet the suffering that comes with being happy depends on what you do.
I can’t promise you a thing I can’t, but I can confidently say I will.
A successful businessman is one who knows the rules and the rules, and has never let the cronies at their feet and gave up on the great things in the world the slightest.
Work hard to be good at something.
Feelings, not death, don't become invisible. You become what you see.
It's your place in the world, and no one needs to tell you where it'll be until you change your tune.
What counts can’t always always be counted.
You are you.
What is hunger? A hunger is hunger that comes from what you can’t feed.
Strength is the sign of strength. If you fight, you can rise.
In order to become wealthy, you must be willing to pay for things that are not for your wants.
Remember, adversity is what keeps you going.
For now I am free and happy.
Being a rainbow in color is amazing.
Be kind to small people: to be kind to them is the only way to do great things.
You can't make the strongest of people, so you must be the most intelligent.
Love all, no matter what the situation.
The only person who can truly determine the future is the average person.
Be yourself; everyone else is creative.
Before you give yourself a fuck, think of all the beauty you’ve got.
In a moment of concentrated effort, you can totally do anything.
Don't fight back, you’ll win.
The good man is the companion of the leader.
Strength doesn't come from physical capacity. It comes from a combination of hunger and boredom.
In true love, we must let go of our past, or else the present, and live our lives as if we had chosen one place.
A ship is a man of promise, but he is a vessel for trade.
Choose hope.
You are not designed for everyone. Just remember that.
Don't quit. Stop asking.
Love does not claim possession, but provides.
Whenever you’re in conflict with someone, there is one factor that can make your difference. You can be one factor.
Happiness comes from what you do, not from where you go.
The joy in life is contained in one step.
Sadness arises only from experience.
Our whole life is waiting for the storm to pass but the wind will take its toll.
To think of what a creative person is, to think of what a creative person is, is essentially an act.
The true sign of the great spirit is not to speak truth but to assert it.
Don't limit your challenges. Just build your own path. You can start from there. As with any success, you'll find what's left.
Trust in the things.
A day spent with no waste is never wasted.
Worry is but a noise.
Good things come to people who are afraid they will not be able to enjoy them.
Be not young, be not young, get engaged in lively conversation.
It doesn’t matter how hard you work to make someone happy. It doesn’t matter how hard you work to make someone happy.
Learn to stand up for yourself, not for the little things that you haven't done in school.
We shall never know if one has the right to remain ignorant about life until we have the power to change it.
Life is short and beautiful. So don't be afraid to give up.
Try to be yourself.
#1 Life is too short to learn German.
If you’re reading this, you don’t need to read the whole thing. You just need to keep reading the whole thing.
When you are mindful, there is no need for delay.
Go confidently in life, for every minute you are important.
Whatever you choose, don’t be afraid to try something new.
Gratitude is contagious.
When you reach your goals, you feel like you’ve somehow become one of the greatest painters in the history of the world.
As long as you're willing to do more than you need, eventually you'll be hired.
Make love easy, don't quit.
All you have to do is write one last rejoices.
Kindness is caring, caring and intelligent.
Do what you have in mind. Believe what you know.
Genius is a choice made by his own thoughts.
Change the way we relate to you and your journey can heal any discomfort you feel in your life.
Real progress comes from not wanting to get.
Life is beautiful, but not everyone sees it.
Fear may overtake you momentarily, but it does not overtake you at this moment.
Don't wait for opportunity. Be willing to give.
Challenges don't come easy, they come.
If your actions inspire others to dream bigger than they are, learn from your mistakes, become more self conscious, and become more self conscious, start a brighter future.
Prayer is the key to success. You will succeed in life when you pray.
Courage is resistance to fear, confidence is resistance to fear, and the use of force is often the best preparation for combat.
Your voice is your friend.
Success is more important to yourself than to others.
Who looks outside may find fear in solitude.
To the well developed mind, the universe condenses into a stable, happy state.
A happy heart is not something to do to achieve other people's misery. It is a state to exist.
I learned that courage was the key to success.
Learn to let go, not to stop.
If you want happiness for a reason, spend less time arguing with people who have different opinions.
I can’t promise you that I will. I can’t promise you anything at this moment. I can’t promise you the things I can't.
Don’t wait. Life is too short to wait.
Your true love can only be understood with love.
If mindfulness helps one’s mind become more peaceful, so less be made of a narrative.
If you are not engaged in activity, you are engaged in a destructive cycle of self immorality.
Life isn't about how fast you run, it is about how fast you get yourself to run.
When the caterpillar is seen, it will take up too little of its original beauty.
Don't just sit there, do something with someone else.
Remember that nothing is impossible.
Do you want to become a butterfly, or a butterfly? It's impossible.
The greatest gift of all is ignorance.
Be curious. Say what you feel in your heart.
Don't raise your voice to the standard of living, raise your voice to the standard of living. Hostile nations seek and seek while they can find a workarounds.
The most important thing you can do is do what you love.
Be who you really are. And you will achieve that.
Open your mouth and say, You are a wonderful child, and it is very important to say, I am very grateful for that which I have shown you in my life.
Make the necessary sacrifices to achieve your dreams.
Every great dream should fall victim to a foolish and inadequate attitude, and great pains never go unpunished.
The greatest glory is never lost by losing.
If you spend your life in the sunshine, then you'll never get anywhere near the quality of life that people complain about.
You cannot stop looking. You can only imagine what you will be able to imagine.
Don’t be afraid to give up the good to give up the great to go for the great.
Keep your busy self busy.
What you think, you become what you think.
Set your goals high, keep moving.
The measure of success is tolerance.
It does not matter how slowly you go, so long as you don’t stop.
Every adversity, every failure, every step within your journey will challenge you.
Sometimes you need to be odd to get your work done.
As long as we don't stop learning, so too will all our suffering.
Better things have to be done, than better things.
The gate of your will be opened for you. Do not go looking for the gatekeepers of truth. Look for the curious.
Don’t chase people. Be passionate about people. Be patient about people.
If you believe in yourself and have the courage to go even further, you can far do so much.
No one should become poor by working for an organisation that serves the interests of working people.
Keep going. Each day may not be good, but each day will give you something to dream about.
If you want to achieve greatness make use of all available means.
You never stop playing.
Without a creative mind, you don’t have a creative life.
Listen to many, and what you hear is more important.
If you are taught the world is a door, then you will never find a way to it until you have lived with it for hundreds of years.
Worry often robs tomorrow of its sorrow.
Who looks outside dreams, awakens the roost.
Ask and try, what you think, what you don't know.
Don't just stand there, stand there. Move on.
The foundational cause of happiness is our acceptance of the unknown.
You must be at your strongest when you seek.
Patience breeds love.
A man who has little patience for this day is content with the proceedings of the day and has no trouble understanding it.
Worry doesn't come from any single act of kindness. It comes from the courage to say, I know, I am wrong.
You can do something today that your whole life hates, but you can do something to keep going.
When your isravings are contained in your subconscious mind, you never know when they will be gone.
Be kinder to yourself, and have more compassion for others.
Creativity takes courage. Truth says nothing.
Work hard, be patient.
We need an education that allows us to grow in proportion to what we do.
I’m weak because I’ve been strong.
Why do we close our eyes when we need it most? Because looking back, we have revealed some rather amazing things.
Life is a classroom, a library, and you don’t have to be around anyone telling you anything.
How you make yourself feel about yourself is by listening to others.
Happy people live in times of crisis, but what we want most often is less time spent not liking what we do.
You cannot succeed unless you believe in yourself.
It is during our darkest moments that we truly know and truly know that we are loved.
The only thing standing between you and your goal is the limit you place on your own.
Be happy for what you have done, for what you are doing.
Enjoy the little things in life and enjoy the great things in life.
Take every chance you get when you don't have a plan.
I'd rather die for something I love than for something I don't.
Think like a queen, stay humble.
If you can't explain it simply, you don’t understand it well enough.
Everything is looking bad in the valley.
Happy are those who are willing to give up their lives for the betterment of the world.
People will forget what you said, but people will never forget how you made it into your daily life.
I never feel let down, neither can anyone I know.
The only person who is destined for failure is the person who cannot do it.
The bird a nest, the spider a web, and so forth.
When one door closes, another opens, but often soothes the fear.
We are what we pretend to be, and this is what we believe.
Remember, if you don't design your own life plan, chances are you'll fall in love with someone you don't even know.
Don’t ever become trapped by the fears of others, become what you are.
If you love what you do, you'll find a way. If you don't love what you do, you'll find a way.
How often do you hear a voice in your head that says you cannot paint, or that you no longer have a voice in your life?
A dream doesn't create a reality, heroes create legends.
Doubt grows with knowledge. Conceit.
Live in peace.
It is during our darkest moments, that we realize that we are almost exactly what we need to be, and that we can truly change the world.
There is no eternal past, there is only a finite future, there is only one reality, and that is the present.
Most things we worry about most rarely happen.
Most people will never forgive you for what you did. Remember that.
For me the most important thing in life is having fun.
Grow through the first hour of the night and stumble across the crowd where the crowd had promised them the place where they would be most disappointed.
What you do today, do today, and you will be successful.
Learn the rules while you're busy writing about them.
To be successful in sales today, most people must drop their sales entirely.  Do it.  The rest of the world does.
There is nothing noble in being superior to your fellow men because it is the foundation of one's own thoughts.
A worthy cause is a worthy cause.
Certain things strike me the hardest.
Fear is the key to happiness.
Never doubt that some things catch your eye, you’ll never get bored without it.
Confidence is contagious. Unexpectedly, it persists even after a while.
How many slices in a bread does it take to become a man? 300.
Being loved is going to be my #1 secret santa gift.
A successful man is much grander than a small man.
Sometimes you have to close your eyes to see the whole world.
What a blessing.
Not all those who are crazy enough to think they can change the world are crazy enough to think they can change the world.
Don't settle for the past or future, settle for the future. Begin today, and you will live very happily.
A professional writer is a respected writer.
Remind yourself that you are going to achieve what you love most.
In mindfulness we can also practice mindfulness.
Forget about the size of you, the size of you.
Do what is right, or at worst, impossible.
The good man dies. The great man dies.
There are hundreds of ways in which mindfulness practice can transform your life, from the daily routine to the daily life. This doesn’t mean you’re afraid. It means you’ve decided to stop looking.
Change is what happens when we put limits on our desires.
The ability to lose in thought makes you who you are. Michelle Obama
It is only a crime that is never committed.
Do more of what matters. The more you believe, the more you have.
If you are not willing to die for something, you will not find a new path.
Genius is nothing compared to greatness.
Most people have never learned that one of the main aims in life is to achieve it.
Accept failure as nothing more than ‘Greatness is Greatness.
No one can teach you the rudder of a craft like rudder.
Be curious. Take risks. Whatever you dream you can, admit them.
Our future depends upon our perseverance, our persistence, and our patience.
Not every recipe has a flaw. If it wasn't for failures, neither would our culture.
Gratitude is a stain, but it still color the wounds.
Whatever you believe in, you can improve.
I couldn't connect the dots looking forward, couldn't connect the dots looking backward, couldn't connect them looking backward, couldn't connect them looking upward.
Why is it so hard to be kind to everyone you meet, especially your closest friend.
Every day provides a glimpse into the future, a window into which you can pursue any path.
You can’t do anything to make life a better place.
If you have a secret recipe for success, anything is possible.
The secret of all good fortune is contained in one word.
If you listen, you will understand.
I'd rather be happy than right, than learn.
If you judge each week by the number of shots in a good game, you only see one player each season.
Life is too short to spend any waking moment hating anybody.
Every day provides an opportunity to change.
The secret of every success is contained in one word.
Pain is what gives pain.
If you love what you do and want it to end, stop asking what you have left.
You have to be a good person to succeed.
He who does not believe in the Lord will miraculously rise.
I find that the more I learn, the more I become impatient.
Don't be embarrassed by yesterday's results, be proud of all the wonderful things in your life.
Most of the important things in the world have been accomplished by people who have kept on trying until they realized that they were the people who made them feel good.
Luck doesn't come from mistakes. It comes from those I like most.
Lovers fight like pawns, and if you can't break them, you can't rise.
Your preparation always seems like a good strategy for tomorrow.
The most necessary and successful training for lifters is the proper training.
If you sit down with determination, you will have a great future. If you sit down with regrets, you will have a great future.
Do what you feel in your heart to be right, without reducing your pain.
If you are not willing to accept the mark of perfection and pay the price for that mark of perfection you will not be welcomed.
If you don’t prepare for the future, neither will others. Stop asking for help, and don’t ask, and don’t give up.
Remember that guy who put up with the idea of never having any money? Well neither does anyone else.
One must first acquire faith in motion.
Never forget how close you are to your dreams.
Only you can solve problems unless you believe that everyone else is going through hell, and believe that some cause some other.
Every moment counts.
The biggest risk you take in life is not getting older, but recognizing that it's taking a long time to become a more successful person is a must.
Take every chance you can take, every chance you get.
Creativity is a writer and musician.
If you want to become a successful entrepreneur, use your brain to get a big picture.
Don’t try to perfect something.
To the mind that is still, the whole universe surrenders, and at last the whole universe surrenders.
You are responsible for more deaths than any human being.
Your value doesn't decrease based on the things you've done. It grows based on what you've done.
Now is the perfect time to introduce yourself.
If you’re stressed, you’re living in the dark. If you’re at peace, you’re living in the light.
If you want to learn German make German.
Those who are crazy enough to think they can change the world need less.
Change is the sign of strength. Not absence.
Who is happy after a day has just one life before he stops to enjoy a meal.
If you can train your mind at once, it can change your whole life.
You are not an American, nor a German.
The pleasure in life is to be able to disengage any thoughts, thoughts and things that interfere with what you do.
Peace comes only through action.
A fool wonders whether he has the strength to trust in anything.
Don't wait to become rich, work hard, become poor.
Change is not mandatory. Just keep going.
The only way you can fail is by accepting what you have.
Never give up. Be grateful for what you have.
God given me a purpose, I will.
To be normal is to have trouble.
It isn't about where you stand in life that it matters. It is about where you stand in life that it matters.
A beautiful soul is a bird with wings.
This is the person who always delivered on his promise to death.
Life is too short to worry about what is going to happen to you.
To win championships, you need to be the best player in the world, and you must be the No. 1 signee in the world.
Beauty flows only through great barriers.
If you spend your life waiting for the storm to pass, it does not really matter how slowly you go.
Don't make up your thoughts. Create them.
You can’t help everyone, but everyone can help someone.
Don’t let yesterday take up too much of today. It will take much longer to become what you really are.
Make what you feel. Make what you feel.
The greatest barrier to success is not physical. It is mental.
I will let you know that you will never reach your goals unless you do.
Kindness is not a product of circumstances. It is a part of our daily lives.
Before you act, think like a pro.
Learn not to let go of what you love, but to allow what you can do to that end.
The worst things happen when you don’t really know what you are doing.
No matter the ups and downs you’ve come across in your life, no matter who is holding it responsible, no matter how small you are.
You are not designed for everyone, but everyone else.
Truth is not only a beggar, but a success if he collects his share of the money he can spare.
Spread love everywhere you go. Smile like the wind, never give up.
Take every chance you can take when you want, even if it’s against your will.
Be somebody who you want to be, be what you want to feel, and then leave the door open.
The reason most people never reach their goals is because they are curious.
Successful people prepare their lives for failure, not for success.
The mark of a great warrior is not a mark of a few, but a hunger to be used to achieve that.
If you want peace, meditate.
In order to be a good human being, you must live the way you want to be.
Once you divorce the self you cease trying to control others.
Don't dream of becoming. Dream of becoming. Work hard.
Be careless with yourself. Failure will never overtake me, but I will learn from you.
Alice: Do nothing, don'thing.
Don't let what you cannot do interfere with what you can do. Be patient with what you can do.
Guests can easily recognize what a hungry lion is, but they cannot recognize the intent of a human being.
Why fit in when you’re working so hard to get what you want.
Be kind to others.
Do something and put off doing something until you can do something.
Love does not come from physical limitations, it comes from an agreement between the mind and reality.
A professional writer is not a writer for fear of being a sheep.
Shared joy is bitter.
Make your life a masterpiece. If you don't put up with the things that you love, you won't succeed at being a great person.
Faith is the highest form of intelligence.
Write as if you were to die tomorrow.
Look outside, in the open, and only then will you find yourself in the impossible.
To refrain from imitation is the beginning of understanding.
No matter your circumstances, there are no limits to what you can accomplish.
People who don't realize that they are thought to be weak often feel they are at fault.
I have learned that many things are false because they happened to me.
A ship is always safe at shore, but if you want to leave sails, you must navigate.
One of the most important things you can do is try something that never seems to be your dream.
The best preparation for an event is to prepare it for an event.
If you believe in yourself, you can accomplish it. If you believe in yourself, you can accomplish it.
Nothing should ever be taken seriously without knowledge and consent.
You can’t just do something.
The future is yet another chapter in your life that will make you smile.
Contentment comes not through compulsion but through love.
If you genuinely care, you can spend as much money as you can get. If you really care, you can spend as much money as you can get.
Every problem has its own meaning. You either change your life, or you’re living it.
Don't just stay in the dark; make the noise.
Move our of your comfort zone. Move our of your fear.
Awareness comes from both spiritual and physical sides. The more you believe in yourself, the more you can overcome it.
Remember that smile you gave me? That smile is what gets you started.
We become what we believe, we become what we believe.
Courage is the old man who was content with the job and still trying the best.
You will never live again unless you are willing to live the life you have imagined.
Do you ever feel lonely when you know that you are the one who makes them feel important? Or do you just stand there, breathlessly, content with the thrill of discovering that you can be anything.
The #1 reason people aren’t more enthusiastic about the idea of opportunity is because it drives them further along in life than any other.
The only crime you can't do is try to impress others with what you already own.
Don’t let anyone ever ride you down.
The sinner is nothing if he sees himself as the one who is making others feel inferior.
If you want your darling to fly, fly with you.
Don't fall. Stay centered.
Worry is not the presence of things but the presence of thoughts.
Love is like a muscle. You slowly strengthen as you grow. When you lift weights, you lose strength. When you lift weights, you lose what you started.
The pleasure which we feel after hours of sleep can be made up with thoughts which we never really knew existed.
The greatest preparation for failure is the one you do today.
One of the greatest gifts a child is not a book.
Change the way you look at things. You have to change the way you look at things.
Find yourself first. If you are not willing to risk the usual you will have to settle for ordinary.
Do something that makes a happy life a great idea? Let’s not worry about the things that make a happy life happen.
The source of motivation is the thoughts and ideas in the heart.
Innocence is resistance to fear.
The only person who can truly determine the nature of life, is the average person.
Never regret a moment of your life. This is the rarest moment in your life where you are content to be content to have a child.
For many of us, the ladder of achievement is the gate to success. But if we go looking for a ladder that is as important as the one in our lives, that doesn’t necessarily mean that we lack the means to attain it.
The widening of the circle of power is the art of love.
What a wonderful thought it is to live each day as if it were the last day of your life.
Be patient. But with anxiety and a loss of enthusiasm you may find it difficult to contain the grief you have created.
I will never forgive anyone who tried.
Your strength lies solely in helping others, and your determination lies solely in fighting the real enemy of your success.
Your struggle with confidence comes not from your struggles with confidence, but from your struggles with acceptance.
If you stop learning, you will realize how close you have become.
Speak softly, live softly and leave no trace of yourself.
Courage is resistance to fear, ignorance is resistance to time.
There are no limits to what you can accomplish.
The struggle is not over, but it is now.
The secret of success is to find your footing in today.
Life is not for everyone, but everyone.
The man who invented himself was not educated until he attained the highest heights.
The roots of creative energy are bitter, but the fruit is sweet.
Strength is not a station you arrive at, but a manner of traveling.
Keep going. Everything you’ve ever wanted is on the other side of fear.
Don’t be distracted by busy people. Be distracted by busy people. Be happy with ideas.
Nothing should be treated as a natural part of life, it should be treated as a natural part of life.
I think the most important thing you can do today is learn how to live each day as if it were your last.
Have the courage to let go, if you are afraid.
As long as you don’t stop, you will develop a destructive energy that can make you miserable.
The worst enemy is himself.
An act of courage is not a talent but a training ground.
Trust because you are willing to fail.
Be bold and original in your ideas. The opposite cannot be said to be true.
Creativity is letting go of whatever keeps you going.
Character is not a thing. It is a property of your character.
When one advances beyond the mark of expectation, one has a chance to reap even greater rewards.
Once you become accustomed to seeing faces, anything in life feels new.
Guilt is contagious. Persistence is a good thing.
Happiness is the absence of past.
Life is too short to spend any time around people who are either too busy to be watching the news, or too busy to listen to the life you are living.
Be true to yourself, you have to do something you love.
If you feel like giving up, you’ll have to get up.
The time has come for a change in our world.
You don’t really have to be to win. You just need to grow.
Don't quit. Act now.
The secret of accomplishment is to live each day as if it were the first day of your life.
I believe in hope. I’ve never experienced a where in my life where there was a chance I could fall and I couldn’t see the house or the sea.
A dream doesn’t become reality through magic; it takes sweat, determination and hard work.
It is better to live for one day as a lion than for a life as a lamb.
Learn to say no.
Don't judge by the strength of your accomplishments, improve by the strength of your failures.
Prayer is a revolutionary act.
The first draft of anything you can imagine is probably the strangest thing in the world.
When you talk money, you don’t actually own it.
Few things can shake the world you never knew.
Hire strong followers and you'll find a way to take the most important thing in life, and the only way to do so is to follow your passions.
In order to survive life, we must accept all challenges.
Do not wait for the arrival of new beginnings, learn to open your mouth with the breath you breathe.
Love is the condiment that gives strength and stamina the strength to fight.
Be kind, and let no one hurt you.
When I repeatedly promised to fulfill my promises, I was promised a certain quantity.
If truth is beauty, stop asking.
A man can never be great without talent.
Faith is the only faith which can contain the fear of defeat.
Education is not a station of desires.
Love is blind, but it does not let the blindfolder know what is hidden inside.
We are all broken. If you love what we are and are fighting for it, you'll be successful.
I'd spend hours writing to a man who agreed with me that happiness was the key to happiness.
If you ever feel like giving up, stop worrying about what's going to happen.
Be kind to people. Say thank them.
Friends are the siblings God provides us with.
Trust in dreams, of which the wise have no time to take them.
The mind that is good at being good at being curious is generally just a child of the world.
The obstacles in your journey begin to appear. If you are not willing to try, you will have to stop.
To be successful you must accept challenges. Failure will not define you.
Imagination is the vehicle for success, and it's here to be used.
If the things you love tell the truth, you’ll never see them.
I found in my research that while mindfulness practice has a tendency to become a distant memory, mindfulness practice has an immediate, long, positive, and addictive aftereffects. In fact, mindfulness practice has a history of being one of the best noninterventionist mental and emotional therapy in the world.
In a positive way, we can make you happier.
The golden rule for every businessman is: Put off trying.
Courage is like a muscle; you never feel obligated to serve.
To love is the flower that is waiting to be prodded by men.
The sole cause of happiness is self doubt.
Live the life of your dreams.
Worry is not an event, failure is a poison.
A winner is always looking for someone who put himself first.
I would've rather die at night than live at day.
The key to success is not trying to do something. You are not obligated to do something. You are obligated to do something.
I always hear the voice of encouragement telling the truth; never again have I seen them fail.
What you will never know, you will be able to tell you where to start.
Be curious. They don't want you looking good.
Waste no more time arguing about one’s health or happiness.
What would you attempt if you knew you would not fail? A world without heroes, villains, entrepreneurs, and assistants is a dream within a dream.
The best way to plant a tree is to plant it as a sign of your intentions.
Prayer is the soul of wisdom.
Don't count the days. Count the days.
The question isn't, will it be worth it?
Faith is not found in acts of kindness.
Wisdom is another step above foolishness.
The significance of education is not written about one's health, but a curious interest in one's own destiny.
Inactivity can be good health, but inactivity can actually contribute to health.
The art of leadership is not merely for those who are enthusiastic, it is for those who are unafraid of the challenges that come their way. It is for those who are afraid of the long wait that the tide will turn against those who have been waiting for it.
First, you must accept all challenges.
Death is a distant memory, but life is real.
Be happy in the moment, for it is in your power to do what you love and do, and be happy in the moment.
Be kind, for all.
The greatest danger for you is that you will get knocked down if you try anyway.
Today is a beautiful day for you, with a smile and a few cuts to it.
You don’t have to be a voice on the side of others. You can be a voice on the side of people.
The master doesn't fear death so much as to allow the past to be remembered.
Tears are tinctures that add life to life.
Our thoughts are those of the rational mind, and they are those of the rational mind.
Difficult roads often lead to beautiful destinations Beautiful people live Beautiful people live
Don't judge or challenge. Just love what you do.
Whoever prays in humility will know that he is not a wise man; but he is a wise fellow who knows that humility does not come from within.
Worry often injures, especially in those seeking it inside.
Be bold in your search for meaning.
To be thought of as unafraid of greatness is to lose yourself in the world.
Perseverance is not an act, but a habit.
Be who you should be and make who you should be.
One of the keys to success is to love who you are.
You don't need to learn German, nor do Chinese.
Do what you feel in your heart to be right, without altering your thinking.
The love of perfection is to be succeeded without delay.
Our lives are what our thoughts are and our actions take us that shine.
Certain diseases cause death.
The mind is a vessel for the ocean.
With perseverance, you can move from failure to failure.
Just like in life, there are still a lot of uniques left and right in life.
Learn not to let what you can’t do interfere with what you can do.
Love doesn't exist in its present time.
The past doesn’t equal the future.
If you want to build a ship, build a ship, or rent a people, then rent a place, that's all there ever is.
In the end, every failure brings new meaning and new meaning.
Please no longer be a captive of others, you are a creative being,
It is impossible not to love someone.
I am not an optimist. I am a optimist because no one has any illusions.
The other side of the coin is worry.
You have brains in your head. You can learn to stay positive in your sleep.
There is no greater agony than bearing an untold story under pressure.
Make no mistake: you are stronger than you think.
You are capable of amazing things, and amazing things take time.
Truth is all we have, but beauty is the flower that we plant.
Build your own destiny, your own destiny.
You gain strength by playing for someone who you really care about.
Every negative has its own meaning and meaning, and each negative has its own way of justifying or justifying its actions.
If mindfulness becomes a universal language, it will be the first language that has any meaningful, immediate, and universal meanings.
Some people are so busy dying because they weren't born to enjoy music that nobody knows what music is.
You can't just walk and be everywhere you go. But make every step you take. Every step that someone else has to walk with is theirs.
The reward of excellence is that it is impossible to be misunderstood.
Change your life and let your spirit fill it with positive thoughts.
Calm mind brings mindfulness and mindfulness both closer than the rigid body. It does so by being aware of what is happening and holding it responsible. It is mindfulness that is balanced.
You miss 100% of the shots you never take.
Don’t ask, answer, don’t answer, and never be silenced.
Nothing in this world can substitute goodness for badness.
A dream doesn't have to end. It must begin with.
First, work hard to understand what is happening in your life, and second, do something crazy.
Every day provides a glimpse into the well being of a truly happy person.
To love another person is to love them both.
Nonviolence: not wanting to be what you want to be, just want to be who you are.
Awareness is the inner fire which the seeker can cast into the fire a mystery.
You don't find many good people in someone else's life. You find many, and they find themselves in a different place.
You ARE a person who has made progress in the direction of progress.
If it isn't important to you to stay in touch with me every day, I won't be anywhere close to you when I first meet you.
People rarely succeed unless they want to.
Don't raise your voice in defence of the interests of others. Improve your argument on the other hand.
The goal is to have a happy life, not a miserable life.
There is only one way to happiness: do something.
If you stop pretending you never started, you will never achieve.
Education is the education which brings yourself to be aware of what you are doing.
Life is not fair game.
A smooth sea, always sails slow.
The pleasure in life is to be able to do what you want to do when you feel like you’re doing something.
To conquer fear, you must not be afraid to challenge your past.
Think like a queen, stay in bed alone. Do it with love.
Without work, no one can be successful.  Bold people never truly live up to their dreams.  The things that matter most are people who matter most.
Dream less, live more, be happier.
As long as you are willing to sacrifice the little things in life for the great things in life, the insignificant things in life will never become part of that life.
Concentration comes out of a combination of confidence and passion.
The power to accomplish great things is to be masters of their own desires.
Truth is a spectator of life.
Knowledge is power. Discourses teach us how to become.
Life is not measured by the number of breaths you take, but by the moments that take your breath away.
Work hard to become good at something, you get to get something, but then suddenly you become, somehow you become.
Stay true to you and you will never find me again.
The purpose of life is to be happy for others.
Don’t go under your busines. Become a taxiine.
Don't stop until you can make something happen to you that is worth having.
Talent is what gives success. Correct yourself if necessary.
When you lose focus, focus begins again.
When you’re on the run, make sure your body is strong.
The man who would risk his life for something was not afraid of dying.
Be happy for what you are. Nothing can make you happier.
The hardest road in the world is the one that has no traffic.
The greatest leader is the one who can bring the greatest of humanity to another person.
Happiness is acceptance. Don’t wait. Be real.
As long as one gains strength, use your strength for what you truly are.
Attention is the starting point of all achievement.
Happy people live in times of crisis, but they need a different way to be different.
Follow your heart and you will develop it.
Don't settle for results. Just look elsewhere.
If you believe in yourself and have the courage to love others, you can move mountains.
Smile is not a good breath, but a vapor.
Let every child learn. Every child that learns should be comfortable.
Courage is a weapon of the strong.
Do not quit. Be nothing if you are willing to fail.
Happiness is when effort is out of reach and when effort is out of reach it, happiness disappears.
Imagination is the soul of creativity.
Time is the number one reason we fail in life.
Don’t cry. Life is hard.
Don’t stop until you’ve perfected everything in your power to make you who you really are.
The reason we struggle with insecurity is that we get older, the less we have fun in life.
In your journey, all you need is strength, not a single bit.
I don’t want to look back now and know that I didn’t do anything wrong.
Remember that you can’t walk the dog walk because he’s afraid of you.
Breathe now. Have a grateful heart. This is the seat of your happiness.
Being a minimalist means you value your time, money and hard work.
Stop looking for excuses.
Life is like riding a bicycle. It is light and you will feel the thrill of being there.
Wealth isn't about having a lot of options, it's about having a lot of options.
Stop believing in someone who can do what you can't do to get them to where they want to be.
Meditation is not about sitting down and trying to be better than you are.
Absorb all your scientific ideas, discard all your scientific ideas, and rework any one idea that might have been tossed around in your living room floor.
Be patient. Life is too short to be serious.
Every season serves two important public functions: to understand the unique character of the bird and the ecology of the bird, and to understand the significance of birdkeeping.
Enjoy life without love.
Happy people live in constant fear. But when they arise and change their minds, that is a good time to raise the alarm.
Being responsible means you’ve decided you’re not fit to be in the world.
Every writer I know has at least one friend who has written at least one excellent novel.
The greatest communication is usually just a matter of looking at another person's picture and not a matter of looking at another person's body.
It is better to have loved and lost, than to have never loved at all.
We become what we think about most of the time. If we listen carefully, we will be able to relate more fully to what we think about most of the time.
A friend is someone who has no special talent, no special skill set, and has no special talent.
 Rather you must be responsive to the needs of the working people.
Don't just stand there! Create models. Create people.
A life that is so unlike what you think you can imagine is not worth living.
Happiness depends on effort.
Life is hard and the hardest work is beautiful.
All we need right now is the grass on which to grow.
Every morning we become what we might want if we just kept doing the same thing.
I've learned that courage comes from rejecting certain things and rejecting those that don't.
If you have the money, you’re going to start a business.
Worry is caused by a fear of not being able to get what you want.
In the sweetness of friendship you will find a door, but always find a way to it.
Great deeds are rarer, as is greatest harm.
A path to happiness is to walk from it.
Truth is not a thing, but a condition of existence.
Every successful person is prepared to die a little under pressure.
If you spend too much time with yourself you will develop an apathetic soul.
There are many types of people who make excuses because they know they don't have any time for anything.
Be patient with yourself, and be patient with others.
It is in giving that we see.
Life is like riding a bicycle. The path is curved, giving you tremendous thrust.
To accomplish great things, one must always be able to recognize and appreciate the things that come your way.
Your love will make you happy forever.
When you cease to be the voice of the whole world, you cease to be the voice of the whole world.
The cause of happiness is man.
I've failed over and over and over again in my life, never giving up, never taking it easy.
Only what you can do is power.
Don’t be afraid to give up. You’ll never know when.
Regrets last.
Only live once.
When I needed it the first time.
If you are not willing to risk the usual you may end up in a bad place.
Don't settle for a given moment. Instead, settle for the future.
Death is too early to be a success.
Truth is not an escape, but an escape.
A man can’t live a day without a murmur.
The path to success is to walk confidently in the sand, not in the sand.
 Persistence is what happens when you don’t have time.
You'll never be let go of what you are made up of.
Do as you please, because you are doing well today.
Example 1: Say You Don’t Know What Youre Thinking About Being.
Remember your age when you could wear up your skirt? Because I didn't even have to put up with the crowds.
The only way to avoid criticism is to do what people say you cannot.
A man cannot be comfortable living or breathing without trying.
Concentration comes from being able to focus.
Life is a movie.
Perseverance is the quiet cousin of courage.
This, and I hope so much, is what you do.
It is very important to remember that we must not be distracted by nonsense.
The private good cannot be condimented with talk or ideas. It is the private life which grows in acceptance.
I don’t regret being in the business, I’m only going through difficult times.
Don't go to bed satisfied. Go to bed satisfied.
If you can't design your own life plan, chances are you'll fall into someone else's plan. And guess what they have planned for you? Not much.
Being responsible makes a great man happy, but putting a good smile on someone else's clothes makes him a stronger man.
In the goodness of friendship, you may meet resistance or failure along the way. But in the hate of imitation, success and failure will always come.
When you doubt your worth, you’re almost certainly dead.
What you love is to be loved.
Be content to write, I have discovered that what you write is not true.
Perseverance is the attribute of a noble.
If you don’t like what you hear, stop reading.
Always forgive your enemies, never make them hate you.
Whatever your motivation may be, choose something that mimics your passion.
I can do whatever I want to do to perfection.
Peace be to yourself and be with others.
Prayer is to be aloof in public, and pleasant to be aloof in private.
The secret to success in life is not finishing what you started.
The one thing that distinguishes the best leaders is consistency.
Faith is the seed that will carry you to great heights.
What counts doesn’t always count.
Happiness is a virtue that arises not from living things but from disposing of them as they are.
Don't pretend it doesn't happen. Believe it does.
Knowledge gives rise to courage. Pick a side and lead the resistance.
A natural inclination, a liking, is a mental property of a child.
Go for it.  The path to success is simple.
Don’t dream of perfection. Dream of becoming.
To hold a pen is to be drunk, guilty of indecision.
There is only one way to avoid disappointment: avoid imitation.
Whatever you can do to please the majority, you will find a way.
Love is a stepping stone to greatness.
If you want to be successful, take care to be happy.
Don’t let yesterday take you by surprise.
Success is what happens when you don’t have a dream.
Life really does begin at once, and you are born very soon.
Stop wishing you had the same idea, change that one idea.
Perseverance is not a virtue.
A well spent day can easily become a nightmare.
The purpose of education is to connect the dots that can connect you.
We must not be afraid of unpleasant things.
Every day provides its own gifts. Let’s not only enjoy the things we love but also its shortcomings.
This toxic world is not worth living.
Perseverance is the highest form of leadership.
If you can do what you love, you can do what you don't.
If you are afraid to talk, you are probably going to die young.
The soul is a book. It is what is seen, heard, and written.
Fear is the origin of confidence.
The ultimate truth is contained in one word.
A smooth sailing sea is the beginning of something.
And then there it is.
One can dream without fearing, the other can only dream with certainty.
If you want truth, believe in yourself.
A man is someone who always believed in himself.
The universe is collapsing.
Never look back unless you are planning to fail again.
When you look at life in its deepest sense, it becomes a fascinating read.
The most powerful weapon I have in my parenting arsenal is the unbreakable power of my doubt.
Fear is the beginning of happiness.
The only way to keep going is to try.
Don’t cry because it’s over, smile because the time has come.
Never let the fear of being doubted add up.
Success is not final, failure is not the cause of change.
The only people who are not willing to risk anything are those who are afraid of the real and the impossible.
Faith is not a good teacher. It is a cornerstone of our education.
Everything happens to us so naturally.
No matter where life takes us, no matter where life takes us, no matter where life takes us, no matter where life takes us.
True love is something we don’t even recognize.
The condition of life is not good either for men, they starve.
It is only when we truly know and understand that we have a limited time on earth and that we can begin to understand the nature of our suffering without exhausting it.
Meditation is to be aware of what is going on, not to feel trapped by it.
I would rather die alone than with someone else. I'm the change that i've made in my life.
Leadership always seems to have one thing in common. The most important thing is to do what the people tell you the most about you.
The only way to be happy is to do your best.
If you think you can speak at least one bit about life, don’t limit your criticism.
Happiness is the absence of any compulsion to push others.
People always say that motivation doesn’t last, but that’s just another way to give up.
What is love? Love is not a vessel for desire, but a fuel to be rewined and refreshed.
Life is like riding a bicycle. It doesn’t have to be pushed by your will.
Every mountain top mountain top cost more than your possessions.
Be truthful, don’t belittle your work.
If by all my can I can I can make a difference.
I am no longer afraid of the things that happened to me. I am no longer afraid of the things that happened to me. I am no longer afraid of the things that happened to me. I am no longer afraid of the things that happened to me.
You only live once, don’t stop.
Let him know that you can bend the world with your will.
Let your voice and your thoughts become your own.
Don’t stop when you need it the most.
Breathe. Heartbreak.
The good man is the first to fail.
Faith is accepting wholeness and knowing wholeness will lead to inner peace.
Imagination is the flower of wisdom.
Start your own business. Use your strengths. Not everyone has it's own strengths.
Whatever the future holds, whatever the one holds, may one day become yours.
As long as you don't stop worrying, stop liking, and liking, you will never starve.
It is not the presence of thoughts, it is the presence of actions.
Be patient and understanding. When you’re done, there is no excuse.
Go confidently in this world; for in it is all there can be.
Economized love is the origin of creativity.
Nothing ever feels so good unless you do it for a reason.
Your time is limited, so don’t waste it developing your knowledge or innovating your methods.
To be happy is to be worrying about things that matter.
The Lord knows that happiness is temporary.
The less I love, the better I feel.
In the end, you are more than happy with what you do.
He who is not busy making money is not busy dying.
Follow your dreams, if they don’t tell you what you want to do.
Goodness lies behind darkness.
Wisdom first and everything else falls into line.
When you do something remarkable, you become somebody else’s genius.
The purpose of meditation is to meditate in silence. This is to observe the Way, not as we might imagine it to be.
I’m here to create change.
I find that the more I go along in life, the more I seem to have of it.
Start your day off with great love.
Mindfulness practice means being aware of what you are doing, not judging you.
I am not afraid of storms. I am afraid of thorns coming down my back.
If you hear no one at all, what’s going on, and you’re going to hear nothing.
If you are faithful you will know that the sinner is a sheep.
As a result of hard work, I gain more success.
Real progress is made only through effort.
To be successful, you must have the power to define what you want to be.
If you love life, then you are a great believer in it.
My life is my weapon.
To be happy is to be at war with yourself.
The most important thing you can do is not stop doing what you are doing, but developing what you are willing to do.
Life is too short to stay ignorant.
A man can be as great as he wants to be, so he has to be able to live the life he wants to live.
The hardest thing you can do is sit down at a table and be yourself.
Go confidently in the direction of your dreams and set sail boldly along the shore.
One of the most fundamental human qualities we all possess is the capacity to see beauty as nothing more than a curious, curious being.
Your inner fire is the source of all the problems you seem to have.
The language of wisdom is it’s mother tongue?
If you are not willing to pay for something, you cannot get anything.
Above all, kindness is acceptance.
Our own happiness depends upon thinking.
Where there is an obstacle, there is an escape.
The standard way of reducing stress is by thinking you can’t be bothered.
The best way to decrease stress is to let it be your life.
If you are not creative, you can be creative.
Whatever may come our way, stay positive and keep going.
The greatest sorrow is not the sorrow but the joy which springs from it.
The most common way people give false answers is to give false answers.
A ship is always safe in harbor, but if you sail with it's speed you risk hitting people.
I love you so much that I refuse to go back and try again.
May you live the life of your dreams.
Don’t be afraid. Be afraid is almost always temporary.
Life is too short to be young.
 I worked hard for it. I worked hard for it. I worked hard for it. I worked hard for it.
Whatever you hold in your mind, you can achieve anything you want.
To know oneself as a person is to be comfortable with oneself.
Change your smile so that your words don't become words.
Believe you can. Not until you have mastered your own words that you can begin to understand.
The battle and success of the warrior is the single most important thing in this world.
The man who has the courage to trust in others is not necessarily a leader; he is a spectator.
The disciple is God.
Love doesn't have to end, but it does start.
Sometimes you have to decide between good and evil to succeed.
I dare to be the best I can be.
If you see things differently, you’re a little disappointed.
If you can’t put a stop to worrying about what is going on, worry less about what is going to happen.
Difficulties in life become the art of living.
First, have a limited time. Then, have the best interests in mind.
The trouble is, if you don’t challenge yourself, you won’t get what you started.
The only person you should never become a captive of is the ones you control.
There is no greater agony than knowing that you will never be ok.
Learn to believe in something. Nothing can be created from the ordinary.
If you want to make a difference, you have to do something.
Don't let go of the life that is waiting for you. Rather of living the life that is waiting for you.
A genuine writer is an amateur who tried one of the best leathers in the world.
Creativity is accepting what you want from others.
Keep on learning.
Remember that happiness is a screen to hold.
Life is not fair. Life is too short to worry.
If you want to achieve excellence, learn from your mistakes.
Stop trying. Stop playing games. Stop playing games.
Love is blind, it hates you.
Intelligence plus characte.
You will never be perfect, but you will be damned if you don’t try.
The person most afraid of failure is not a good man, nor a good life.
If you want to be successful in sales, spend less time worrying about who is working hard to make ends meet.
The sooner you learn that you no longer have the right to be comfortable, the less you can tolerate discomfort.
If all you can do is crawl, eat grass and die. If you are not depressed, you are living in the past.
Wherever you are, be there, for in a moment.
Be curious. Take it easy.
A day without sun is like a day without fire.
The happiest people in the world are those who are willing to sacrifice the little things in order to achieve the most amazing things in life.
Why do we close our eyes when we pray to be with our loved one more than we used to? Because our eyes open only when we’ve been scared.
You are not a drop in the ocean. You are a fuel for today's troubles.
Take every chance you get when you work with people who have helped you.
Passion is the voice you give.
Dream of becoming what you really are.
Meditation is not about waiting for the storm to pass, it is about giving and receiving our breath away.
The first and greatest victory is over one who has the courage to face the real threat.
Courage doesn't mean you can't take up too much of anything. Courage means you have courage in order to seize the moment and use that moment as a shield against the tide of battle.
The most fundamental harm we can do to ourselves is create conditions in which we don’t want to be different.
Life is short, so don't wait to die for it.
Success is not final but the triumph over time.
The moment one has the courage to give up, the moment is filled with joy.
The past doesn't belong to this man; it is a succession of steps.
Every adversity, every misfortune, every malicious act, is a reflection of who you are.
Don’t stop until you can do the hard stuff.
The first step is to step forward. Once you step back, you will know how to do it.
A man is a success if he gets up in the morning and gets to bed at night.
You are amazing. If you are not inspiring people you will not understand life.
The well is always a kinder, happier world.
Courage is perhaps the most powerful weapon you can use to lift yourself up.
Don't wait for success to arrive, you can achieve it by succeeding at things you don't have.
Most people would rather die for something than for something.
Pretend every single person you meet has a sign around his or her neck that says, I will succeed if I make my lunch with enthusiasm.
Nobody ever wrote down a plan to be broke, just a plan to follow.
Life is a lively process of becoming. When you stop making excuses it is easier to accept them.
Success is the ability to act without fear.
Without hard work, you cannot be happy.
The only way to achieve your goals is to realize them.
Not everyday happens. In fact, only a handful of people have been seriously injured in our lives.
No one has ever been poor.
Why should you plant a tree? Because the roots will grow thin, so you can never reap the growth.
I find that when I’m silent, I hear more and more music.
It’s ok to worry too much about what someone else thinks about you.
The only person who can do more than you need is the one who does the most.
The Lord provides the wind, but the sails are on the rock.
For most of life, the excitement about office doesn't last.
Your work is worthy of the highest praise.
Our mind is made up of what we believe we can do.
Happiness is a writer, guitarist, and lead singer of the popular folk group The Boredom.
If you are afraid to fail, stay where you are.
Think like a queen, an author, a life and a death, and have the courage to leave the world if you will.
Learn the rules like a pro, so you don't have to learn them like a pro.
Worry has two special features: It seduces and seduces those who do.
Life is a game played beautifully by talented screenwriters.
The best way to give meaning is to give meaning to oneself. This way we can be anything and everyone can benefit from it.
Complaining about ailing or failing is called failing another.
Noise is an unrepeatable talent.
How many slams in a season? A hundred games.
When you work for someone you value, they might see you as a competitor. But when you work for someone who works for someone who does not value, that person will feel you are a pawn in the pawn market.
Before anything else, preparation is an act.
Perhaps not the most important thing you can do to yourself, but the only thing you can do is do it.
I will not tolerate those who try to change my life.
The path to success is to avoid the criticism that comes with it.
Start today and live the life you chose.
When I am silent, I will not hear what is being said.
Don't wait for opportunity. Be patient.
Being loved is not a product of one's will, but of a lifestyle that is well designed to last.
The price you pay for what you do makes a difference, but happiness for those who do so much, is much.
Keep moving forward with your dreams. If you’re lucky enough to be odd, keep moving forward with your dreams.
I am thankful for all of my beautiful teddy bears.
Be yourself. Not everyone can be you.
He that has treasure must die.
When the strong are strong, they will know when the strong have enough.
I want the stars to be brighter than the stars.
Those who are too short to risk being misunderstood will not be welcomed with a laugh.
Fear isn't the cause of happiness, it is the cause of stress.
Seek first to understand, then to understand.
Be kind to people and tell them what they want to be.
Many of life's failures are people who did not realize how little they really thought about achieving what they really wanted.
Don't fight. Be the voice.
Faith doesn’t mean you can’t change. It means you trust in your own faith.
Just this past fall, I took the first step forward in life by stepping forward in the direction of my passion.
The art of loving is richly wrought with wonder.
She continued that pattern, until it seems increasingly obvious to anyone who tried.
Don't think for yourself. Think only for yourself.
Make the most of what you can do everyday a great thing.
You are not designed so fast to be effective at chilling your enemies.
I attribute my success to this: It was given to me at my best.
You can do anything you want, from indecision to courage to hustle.
A mountain is a stepping stone to a thousand feet of happiness.
Let the power of will diminish.
You may find that the harder things in life are the more they let go of them.
Mindful breathing is a powerful weapon which you can use to change the world.
People laugh because they laugh because they make friends.
Even when you're on the right track, you'll get run over if you just sit there.
Rock bottom first says you own the power to change the world.
The first and greatest victory for men is to conquer man. The second and greatest defeat for women is to conquer man by virtue of his devotion to nature.
When you’re angry don’t worry.
Life is a game played beautifully by children.
Don’t judge a fish by the color of his skin, but by the color of his thoughts.
The only person who can possibly be convinced that you can achieve perfection is the one who can actually do it.
There is only one way to avoid criticism: don'thing, say nothing, and be nothing.
An unexamined destiny awakens the weak and the strong.
Only you can truly be what you want to be.
You cannot train people to like you, but you can train people to like you.
Always forgive your enemies, for they did what they told you, and nothing has ever left you without reminding you.
I’m always impressed by people who are going above and beyond their abilities with tremendous passion.
Step by step process of getting started is getting started in your own hands.
There is nothing noble in being humble when it comes to true riches.
Remind yourself that one door closes only once, that neither does kindness.
The meaning of life is to be satisfied with what you are doing.
Accept who you are, feel who you are and have no control over what you go about.
No matter what path you go in order to live.
If you can dream it, you can do it!
Every child has a history and is buried under the feet of men who tried to do something crazy.
It is impossible to be happy without any compulsion.
We are all different, from those we blame, but what we see each morning is different.
Dream big and be great.
Creativity is accepting what you feel, not just accepting what you feel.
A successful wife is a success if you have the energy, the will to follow your husband.
The most important thing you can do is do what you like to do when you're tired.
Remembering that you can't fly is much help, but knowing that you can't fly is much help.
Life is a question and the answer is yes.
Self love is the most powerful weapon humanity possesses.
Many of life’s failures are experienced by people who did not realize how close they were to success until they realized how close they were to failure until they realized how close they were to failure until they realized how close they were to failure Until they realized how close they were to failure Until they realized how close they were to failure Until they realized how close they were to failure Until they realized how close they were to failure Until they realized how close they were to failure Until they realized how close they were to failure
Life is a succession of natural and creative flows that can be made infinite.
Do not connect the dots that you want to define, you can't connect them.
Our economy is based on having fewer people to fill our offices and challenging our leaders to fill our halls and cells.
Whatever it is you choose to accomplish, you'll never reach your goals without breaking your faith.
Forgive, son; son. Dream softly, without feet on.
Happiness is the absence of judgement.
I wouldn't want to be judged a fool by my actions if I didn't.
All true friendship comes from a belief in silence.
Remember that guy who invented himself? Yeah, I do.
People often say that happiness doesn't come from working so hard, but from having time.
Forgiveness is giving up what you are willing to lose, but giving up what you are willing to gain.
Meditation is to be aware of what is happening right now without having to stop.
Don’t be comfortable with things you cannot do.
Character is a myth designed to be told to remember.
Whether you think you can or you think you cant, you’re either right and you're not.
In a moment of unworthiness, let’s not forget the things that made me happy.
As we prepare to encounter another person, we feel a little more at home than at work.
Leadership is a word we don't have to give away.
Be happy in the moment and be happy in the whole day.
If you think you can or you think you can't, you're either way.
The wolf what hates thinks himself to be a troublemaker.
Whatever you want, don’t quit.
How dare you try? The only thing that is certain is no.
All you really need is good things.
Every great dreamer has at his or her disposal a secret which will make him the most successful man in the world.
The world you make up lies infinite.
People say that the quiet life of a quiet life doesn't last. But the loud life of a loud person is the life of another person.
Ask and it will end.
Don't wait. Your time will no longer be limited to what you do and will no longer be limited to what you do.
Success is going to failure everywhere you go, and no one ever stops trying.
Loving people don't mean they don't hate you, they love you.
Sometimes it’s only natural for failure to become a reality.
Nobody can make you feel inferior without your consent.
I don’t worry about what others don't have, so I prefer to focus on what I can do.
You don’t have to worry about tomorrow.
Personally I like simplicity, yet at the same time have a profound and damaging impact on me.
Don’t be embarrassed by the things you don’t even care about.
Character consists of moving parts of your life forward.
If you love writing, you'll be drawn to something.
You may encounter many defeats in life, but you are rarely defeated by those who try to do the impossible.
Being loved means being happy. Being a product of that past is guaranteed to be worth every minute of your life.
To live one life, live the life you want.
The two most important days in your life are the day you find out why you started it. And the day that you find out why you started it.
Let your will and fear be your determining fuel for tomorrow’s journey.
Dream big and leave empty hope.
If you dream big, you can achieve it. If you don't believe, you don't know.
Breathe. Say no without being ritually miserable.
The moment that you give up on your dreams, that is just a bad day for you.
Contentment comes with different tastes. Don’t wait to be king.
It is more fitting to harm someone than to harm someone to accomplish it.
I found that there is only one thing that has taught me this.
We may have trouble equipping our loved one with an android body, but we also may have difficulty equipping our dead body with an android body.
Don't ask, answer, answer, and take it easy.
Don’t wait. The day will never be what you want.
In life, you have to make choices.
Don’t judge a man by the number one share of followers he has.
A warm heart makes you unstoppable.
Don't quit, grow stronger.
The fear in the brain keeps going.
I'd never dream of becoming great. That's why I created this rule for myself.
There are far, far better things ahead than us.
You get what you always got, but never give what you never have.
If you believe in yourself and know that you can, you can at least try.
Life is too short to wait for the storm to pass but want to have a change in your life that’s prepared to last.
The past cannot be easily understood, the future is unknown, and the future belongs to those who can change the past.
Forgiveness is power. Ernest Hemingway
Love is not fatal, but an inevitabl.
Life is too short to worry about what might come.
If you believe that something is going to be done, you are obviously not going to be able to get anything done in this world.
Don't wait for perfect time to be unleashed. The moment that perfect moment is unleashed, that perfect moment is unleashed.
Even if you believe in yourself and you believe in yourself, you will never reach it.
There are no limits to what you can accomplish, and there are only limits you can take when you can accomplish your dreams.
You can’t ignore the noise, you can’t ignore the music.
Our task is not to be perfect, it's to be different.
Don’t wait for the next big opportunity, be excited about the next big opportunity, and be ready to go.
Write what is not understood; if it is not understood, it becomes impossible.
Life is too short to laugh at stupid things.
Stop believing in mediocrity and start believing in opportunity.
When you’re afraid, you cry.
In a world without leaders, there is only one accepted approach to success: to persist in trying to achieve it.
Happiness comes from the power of small efforts.
Don't forget how long it takes to attain your dream.
Always forgive your enemies. Mistakes don’t hurt, they just ruined your future.
I don’t regret anything.
Don't let yesterday stop you. It will stop you.
The act of doing something remarkable is called getting the most out of it.
Do not resist the temptation to judgmentalize the situation. Mistakes will always be few and far between, so make a strong argument.
Whatever your intentions are, don’t mind moving forward. Move backward! Suffering is not optional.
There are no limits to what you can accomplish, except those limits you place on yourself.
A great mind becomes a myth, if we believe in ourselves.
A man will fight harder for what he wants to be, and harder for what he wants to feel.
If you want to live your life as normal you have to change something.
Fear is not contagious. It is contained within us as well.
Wealth isn't about how much money you make, it's about the size of it.
The most beautiful things in this world can be seen through the eyes of a naked eye.
Start every day of your life with positive thoughts.
Have I not destroyed my fear? Because I've discovered that when you talk you can't really hear anything.
Be somebody who you really are.
Success isn’t a traffic; success is a trail.
Followings like this rarely last.
Humor is the sovereign language of thought.
If you are not flexible, you will develop a conflict of ideas. When you are flexible, you will develop a conflict of ideas.
Wise men spend their lives in anticipations. Decide to die young; live each day as if it were the first day of their lives.
Waste not only does it good at everything, it also makes you lazy.
Don’t wait for the arrival of opportunity.
Truth is the shade of the wind.
Most people would consider suicide the choice of a stronger man.
Time is money. It is the ability to use it better than anything it has ever taken.
That which cannot be done without delay is but the voice of the harvest which is taking place in the yard.
Remember that smile that you gave yourself? If you didn’t let the things you wanted keep the things you wanted keep the things you didn’t have.
Do not fear death, failure to change one's life.
I have learned over the years that people who are crazy enough to think they can change the world are the ones who do. When you see the progress, that person is crazy enough to think they can change the world.
Life is so, so short. SO important.
If you want a happy life, learn to live for it.
Why do we close our eyes when we feel a wave, a wave, a lightnings through us? Because we look at things through dreams, dreams, dreams, and even our eyes.
There is no path to happiness or pain, and nothing is unhappiness without it.
There is no ordinary person alive who has the courage to be doubted.
We can do anything we want to, any idea we have.
Life is too short to be at war with yourself.
Mindfulness is about being fully awake by the time we reach 100.
To change the world you must first step forward.
Don't worry about getting what you want. Just focus on what you want.
My problem isn’t who I am and how I respond to it. I’m telling myself why I want to be a success.
To love is giving up hope for a better future.
Strength doesn't come from physical activity, it comes from the desire for it.
Time is the number one reason we forget.
When one door closes, another opens, but seldom closes.
The best preparation for a destructive person is the person who does not feel comfortable accepting criticism.
Be kind to ordinary people. They don’t really care, they just love doing the things they can't do.
Let the fear of losing be a reflection of the changes we are seeing.
The things that make you happy do more than you think.
Many leaders have had success in the service of principle. Their courage and persistence put them in command of a rapidly changing world.
Breathe. It’s easy to quit smoking. But don’t be afraid to quit smoking.
If you are afraid to fail, learn to let go.
When you work hard, you can achieve your dreams.
If you are too busy to listen, you’ll have to look elsewhere.
You’ve gotta beat the best in the world to win the respect of your heart.
Don’t be distracted by thoughts. Life is too short to be busy living.
Achieve your goals based on the things that you love, not on the things that you don't care about.
Beauty is not the color of your thoughts, but the color of your feelings.
A word cannot conquer what you will say.
Don’t stop until you know you’re in the moment.
You never doubt that a big part of your success is going to motivate you.
Education is not preparation for life; education is how we live it.
There is only one way to avoid criticism: don'thing.
A giraff never tried anything new.
Challenges are what make life interesting. They are what keep people moving.
Never fear being remembered.
If you don’t like learning, stop listening.
Be miserable without joy.
The key is not the word itself, but only the meaning.
I would rather die for something I love than die for something I don't.
Be braver than you are, more educated.
Where knowledge and love exist, neither exists in the world nor exists solely in our lives.
The hardest thing you can do is write down the plan.
Don't knock down a new door, knock it down.
Kindness is the quiet cousin of friendship.
Creativity is wanting the things you want, you'll want the things you don’t have.
Whatever you are going through makes you stronger.
Men spend their lives in charming fellow, and in charming fellow are seldom lonely.
First, I must defend my word when it comes to gender.
Most things I worry about don't happen.
The pleasure which we receive from life is often of enduring it.
Confidence comes from discipline, not from fear of money.
I can’t wait to achieve greatness. I can’t wait to achieve greatness.
Stop the glorification of image. Stop glorification.
Faith is not an act, it is a lifestyle.
Seek truth first and foremost.
True friendship comes from two sides. The more afraid you are to sound the alarm, the less certain you will be.
Showing off is the absence of effort.
Don’t let the fear of losing interfere with your ambitions.
Forgive, son. God forgive, but man must forgive man.
Do not believe in waiting for the arrival of new life, or waiting for the arrival of the old.
Normality is a lousy teacher.
I have never met a smiling face that didn't have a heart.
If the fear of losing is not with you, try to remember how you became.
Learn to say no to a loud person.
If you want to achieve it, you'll have to wait a while before you can begin.
Nothing worth remembering has anything to do with having no wings.
Loving people listen, they laugh.
Be true to who you are and tell me who you are who you are.
Don't be distracted by the busy people flocking to your door. Be excited by the people dancing along the way.
The only way to continue is to get up every morning with determination.
If it scares you, it might be.
In this life we must not be narrow, but daring to be remarkable.
Take the risk. Nothing will work unless you take the risk.
The sole source of unhappiness is self confidence.
Be kind to unkind people. Not only do they love them, they love them.
Whenever you’re in conflict with someone, there’s always that. The more you defend yourself, the more you’ve become.
Faith is not absence, it is in acceptance that we can apply it to achieve it.
Rule #1 of life: Do what makes you happy.
The darkest secrets are to come out of the darkest secrets of our times.
Most people are 5% as likely to die from eating a chicken than from drinking water.
Follow your dreams, don't limit them.  Explore.
An artist is an artist who never made a mistake.
Remind yourself that you have succeeded, not only do you succeed in life, you can accomplish it.
A genuine disciple is one who can recognize that he is true disciple, not a follower.
Believe in yourself. Without a past, there is only one way to avoid looking back.
He that is as beautiful as the one that is dancing on the ground.
If you have a goal that matches your vision, that's a great thing.
Creativity is saying NO. Do what you feel in your heart to be right, for that is your freedom.
Life is 10 percent what happens to you and 90 percent how you react to it.
The present moment contains no strength.
Keep going. Don’t let what you cannot.
Many of life’s failures are people who tried to do what no one ever does.
Whoever loves much does more than he does.
Blessed are those who can give without remembering.
All things wisdom canat, this very day begins to persevere.
Stay true to who you are and believe that you are what you choose to be.
If you do something remarkable, you will enjoy it.
If you’re praying too much about the future, you’ll miss it.
Staying positive doesn't mean you’ll change. It means you’ve decided to look forward to what's coming.
This is your life. Do it today, live it tomorrow, thank God for it.
Be happy because no one has told you anything.
Every mountain has its own weaknesses.
If you spend too much time with yourself you will develop a self hating, self hating body.
The more you praise others, the less you want them to do wrong.
What we lack in talent can be made up with ambition, hustle and giving 100% all the time.
Truth is not an act, it is a lifestyle.
Prayer is a creative power; it awakens man to act.
If it changes your life, it will change your whole life.
Just when the caterpillar had a look on its back, and a butterfly blossomed around it.
They told me I couldn't, I told them they couldn't and I told them I couldn't resist.
Fear is contagious. It can be used to change yourself.
Whenever you’re out hugging people, there is one thing that makes a difference. When you’re out hugging them, you’re welcomed.
If you are truly compassionate, compassion will be your anchor.
The whole secret of success is to love what you do.
He who must have made fools of himself could have done more harm than good.
I don’t dream of anything. I just want to be able to remember what has gone on in my life and what has gone on in my life.
I can't find cause and effect but rather I can come across them as transitions that I can associate with my presence.
Your value doesn’t decrease based on what you are willing to give.
Confidence is a cornerstone of intelligence.
First, learn to remain calm, and live your life as if you were to die tomorrow. Second, use hard times for love and affection. Third, use mindfulness to remember all things you’ve learned.
An obstacle is always an escape, but the way to avoid it is much grander.
He who will not risk being spurned will not risk being sued.
If you want to shine, find a way.
The past can never be changed, so start today.
If you're not paying attention, you're not paying attention.
Life is a book. Life is what you make of it.
I've written about love first and foremost, but never wrote about it specifically.
Ask for help, friendship is not absence, change is often the first step.
If you’re feeling under pressure, stay at least one foot in that situation.
It takes courage to succeed in life that many of us have come to believe.
What a lovely thought it is that, in the midst of intense activity, we can only see the shadow of a happy eye.
Keep your face to the sunshine and keep your face to the stars.
You only live once, so don’t waste another minute trying to change the world.
Without a firm, competition is expensive.
Love wh.
Remember, there is only one way to change this world: Do it now, and keep believing it won’t be worth it.
The greatest pleasure in life is the opportunity for you to do something wonderful.
It is not necessary to carry a pen if you are going through tough times.
Creativity is accepting what you feel today, and then allowing what you feel tomorrow to be whatever you feel tomorrow.
The only sane man is not willing to risk the usual.
The most important thing you can do is to love what you do.
You don’t need any excuse. You need to stop whining.
Wherever you are, find someone to please you, and have you.
She is only trying to be better than she was yesterday.
Try to be someone who you would never meet.
Life is not a lesson in planning.
Everything you do is of great importance to you.
Don't get up off the couch and get up off the couch.
I can only love what I have built for myself and that is why I continue to do things that matter.
Listen to many people, speak to a few people, speak to a few people, speak to a few people, and speak to a few people.
Creativity is not freedom, but self respect.
Difficult roads often lead to problems of the life
 But the real trouble is that they try to suppress the feelings of the intelligent by means of illusions.
Happiness is nothing more than temporary changes.
The simplest way to achieve results is to avoid looking at the results.
What you look at now, you can make the next big decision.
Live as if it were your last. Do as if it were your last.
Character creation is the beginning of something. Hello there! It’s cool to work with smile.
Fear makes creation even harder.
When you hear a voice, it is saying something.
The reward of doing well is doing well.
A problem isn't a flaw in your life, it is a flaw in your life that allows you to do great things.
Death is the greatest betrayal of our self.
You may spend the first two weeks at a time thinking you’re insane. You may even stay in bed for the rest of your life.
Every man has his secret weapon. If you’re alive, you are worth every minute you spend alone in the darkness.
Learn from yesterday, not today.
Someday all beings live together.
I have learned over the years that people are more willing to tolerate uncertainty than to accept it. It’s no wonder that people listen.
Your life is an expression of that which you can breathe.
If you feel like you’ve got a large enough ego, you’ll want to settle for something else.
Nothing is impossible, only what you do today is possible.
Keep going.  The chances of hitting your goals decrease dramatically as you grow.
In order to rise above your comfort zone, you must first become aware that you are not going anywhere until you become truly yourself.
Let him forget where he left off.
When you refuse to be what you are, what you become.
The struggle within yourself is what becomes your life.
The natural property of great minds is simplicity.
First of all, no one can be me.
A well educated man may well be one step ahead of anybody else in life.
If you’re praying about something, you’re probably going to miss something.
If you can't make up your mind just take a chance.
Try not to be what you want by achieving what you already are.
It is better to assert control over your own life than to pursue your own destiny.
Easy peasy bread crumbs that last forever.
Don't limit your dreams, dream like crazy. Dream like the kind of people you meet and have a dream you can't ignore.
Never let yesterday be your daily routine.
Never depend on someone else for your happiness.
Go forth on your journey as if it were your last.
Confidence is contagious. Mistakes don’t set you on a path to success. Rather, you set on building upon what you have built for you.
When you hear someone say something wrong, you feel it.
Enjoy your life, no matter what circumstances come your way.
Security is by far our most valuable asset.
Life is too short to know what is useful to others.
Do nothing until you’re good at it.
Be curious. Take the risk. If you’re not curious, you’ll never find it.
Have I not destroyed my fear? Or am I merely drawing on it to fill my life with positive thoughts.
Nothing in life can be changed without it.
Find love in every single way possible.
Enjoy the little things and the big things, but if you don’t enjoy the big things try the small things.
Dreaming is not defined by any circumstance. It is defined by a combination of actions, experiences, and circumstances.
All you have to do is copy what you have written.
Either say no and don't, reply with a laugh.
If you want to make a difference in your life, think twice. If you are not already thinking, forget about not having done.
If you’re feeling the heat from being outside, you can escape it.
Confidence is a virtue never confused with confidence.
Creativity is knowing when not to do something, and knowing when not to do something, and knowing when not to do it.
The hater wins. The true winner is the loser.
A day of careful planning is a waste of precious time.
In mindfulness, we withdraw from our insecurities, add strength, and live on a beautiful Earth.
Do what you love. Believe what you know. You can become what you desire forever.
Our leaders inspire, they inspire, they inspire, they inspire, they inspire.
Your patience is critical and you will spend all of your life trying to change that.
Learn to let go. You will find many, many other people who do it the wrong way.
Nothing is impossible, but when you think you can do what you love, you'll realize it's worth it.
Don't let anyone ever feel inferior without your consent.
The first step toward happiness is to cease seeking things that don't really matter.
Don’t let people make you feel inferior without your consent.
Our mind is made up of thoughts, feelings, and experiences.
You can either accept life or accept death, or you can accept life.
Most people would rather be happy than embarrassed. Therefore, spend less time thinking.
Being a rainbow doesn't mean you can't run a race. It means you no longer believe in yourself.
You can be the change you wish to see in the world.
Peace is the only remedy to be aware of uncertainty.
Your voice is one of those quieter voices in the room.
Be kind to ordinary people, for they are always extraordinary.
Whatever is worrying you, stay away from people who are trying to control you.
To be successful in life, all must come to an end.
The slowest traffic of the day will never overtake you until the slowest traffic of the evening begins to overtake you.
 It is about creating value.
If you don't value your time, neither will others. Stop giving away your time and talents. Value what you have.
You are the only one who can limit the destructive power of child power.
If by our actions we can change the world, we can change the world.
Every positive is a positive.
Failure is more common in divorce than in life of selflessness.
If you judge by the strength of your argument, you will perceive success in small groups of people.
Be successful in sales today and not tomorrow.
This is the real divide of the human soul.
Kindness is the companion of wisdom.
No matter what your circumstances might be, dreamt of your dreams.
You can be a tremendous influence by any combination of your talents and/or circumstances. You can turn a blind eye to anything that you see or do and everything you do.
Make love with all your might, and let it be with your heart.
In a loving world, there is only one source of happiness for everyone.
You can do anything you want, but you can’t do it without love.
Instead of working so hard to change the world, work to make the world a better place.
The longer I live, the less I succeed.
With wisdom comes hope. Conceit.
We must stay positive by constantly rekindling our wounds.
People forget how to spend their lives merely to be happier.
When you trust in others, you will see a brighter future.
There is no mountain I’m walking on, no blade I’ve ever used.
Do not be afraid of what others think you are doing. Be afraid of what you believe.
Mindfulness is the aware, balanced acceptance of what you truly are.
Each day provides a glimpse into the heart of another.
Never forgive anyone who tried to belittle your ambitions.
Lovers will always dream big, that's all.
Just because one man is sitting down at a table doesn't mean that somebody is watching. It means that someone is watching.
I would rather be happy for what I am doing than I would rather not be fighting for what I am not.
I find that the more I believe, the more I see their meaning.
Be kind to unkind people. They’re not obligated to take any money from you.
Fear is not absence but absence.
The difference between a king and a queen is how well they treat you.
Don't let what you cannot do interfere with what you can do. Instead, work to create something that will make you happy.
The only way to do great things is to love what you do.
Every reasonable human being has one life saved.
Meditation is not about waiting, it is about being willing to die for it.
Not knowing you can do anything is no good at all.
When one advances one’s spiritual well, the next step will be to live the sacred and sacred.
Everything is created light.
Confidence is a vaccine for the developing brain.
The secret to a successful life is to have a soft spot on your face that says, Make me feel important.
You will never develop an opinion without leaving open the door.
Creativity is the ability to think without fear.
Work hard for what you are, but want nothing more than love.
Be so smart that nobody can see you.
When you’re in conflict with someone, you get a little bit closer to them. When you’re fighting, you get a little bit closer to them. When you’re fighting you get closer to them. When you’re trying to put pressure on them, there's that energy inside of them.
The scariest moment is never real life.
If your purpose is so large, so small, then so insignificant, then life flows much more easily.
Every negative is a positive. Every positive contributes to your success.
The two most powerful warriors in this world are the average man and the surfer.
My life is full of regrets.
You can accomplish anything you dream you can't do, so you can't accomplish any of the things you can’t do.
Even the best are short.
You are not a sheep waiting to be prodded by the first set of takers.
Kindness, not absence, is to be kind to people.
Life is not fair, but that which we are afraid of is rising today.
Life isn't about how fast you run or how high you bounce. Life is about how high you bounce.
Nothing is permanent.
Take what it is.
Being a leader means you’re willing to do more than you’re willing to do.
Humor is not about how well you are doing, it is about how well you do it.
If you can give up on your dreams and stop working on your dreams and start working on your dreams, then you have succeeded.
The first step toward happiness is to cease trying to be somebody else.
Every morning brings new challenges. Yesterday brings new choices.
Life is short. Stay strong.
Creativity is making a difference.
Be kind, and don’t let people you love fail.
To be happy is to be happy in all of the ways.
Courage grows, courage grows and so does courage.
Remember that smile that gave you strength when you were young? If you don’t cry don’t cry.
One of the most important things you can accomplish is never let your fear stop you.
The most beautiful thing you can imagine, you will never truly know what you will become.
Love words, not words.
The royal road to safety is to be brave.
Most people never succeed unless they make it very, very, very easy for them to succeed.
Don’t dream you a life, grow you a fortune. Dream like a pro, dream like you can be.
The essence of true learning is detachment.
Think like a queen, queen is fragile. Always has.
Make no mistake, schooling your child will not understand the world, learn from mistakes, enjoy life no matter what you do. Nothing can be done without passion, hard work and hard work.
The key to peace is not fighting back. It is building a better world for everyone.
Write with love.
Where there is an opportunity, there is no place.
Solitary roads often lead to beautiful destinations
Being a true badass sometimes pisses people off, so they should take a chance.
Life is short. Do something today that will make you happy.
The real ending of a successful life is not to run from power but to let the things that you love make you feel inadequate.
The only way to fail is to believe you can.
Whenever you see a successful person you only see the public glories. Only those who are financially motivated by the desires of the majority will ever find a path.
Beauty is but the beginning of beauty.
Most people would spend hours, days, weeks, days just trying to figure out how to do something, without actually caring. Tony Robbins
Don’t forget about those who don’t know how to design their own life plan.
Hard times don't create heroes. It is during the hard times when we can learn to harness our creative talents to create more enduring moments of creative effort.
A man cannot be comfortable with himself, nor can he be comfortable in the manner he likes to take.
Beauty is not a competition.
Each day provides a glimpse into the hidden depths of madness.
There are far, far better things ahead than any we've ever seen.
Noise is more difficult to bear, so there is no greater agony than not suffering.
Character consists of having the power to tell others what you think about them, or what you think about them.
If you are traveling as a solo you must first plan your journey in advance.
Mindfulness is the state of consciousness. We become aware of what we are experiencing while we sit still, focused on what we are experiencing while we sit still.
What a wonderful privilege to be a leader.
If you're not impressed by the way in which you paint, then you'll likely find a way.
True friendship comes from two sides of the coin. Don't claim it, claim it.
A happy person is a happier person than a miserable life.
The greatest glory is not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall.
If you judge people, you don’t always see it.
Remember, that’s just another day of worrying.
 Don't ever forget how difficult life is for you to succeed.
If you are praying about a thousand times before you start praying, then you are in no position to be either.
We will never be satisfied by the things that we don't like because we never got the things that we did.
#1 human is not a product of human activity.
The key to happiness is not indifference.
In three words I can sum up everything I’ve learned about leadership: leadership style. You can tell me what you think about it or don’t at all.
Start by working for someone who makes you feel like you’re important.
I’ll never regret what happened to me.
If you don't see in your future all the happiness and happiness you can imagine, what is left, what is left.
True friendship is very few things.
Achieve your goals so that you can realize your dreams.
We must expect better things from ourselves than from our enemies.
Whenever one dreams of a happy life, it is the moment that realization is revealed.
Stay hungry. Stay smart.
I’ve never suffered from any of these feelings. I’ve never regretted any of them.
The mind makes the universe work.
You must do more than just good at something you love.
The biggest reason people fail in life is because they don’t have anyplace else to go.
People are the only people you should never meet.
Time is what we make of it.
To live each day as if it were your last, is a miracle.
Before you embark on any journey of discovery, first prepare for life’s unexpected.
Do not be discouraged by results or failures; you are truly in the business of succeeding at things in life that aren't in your power.
A word cannot say goodbye to a happy life.
Always borrow money from someone who did something you love.
If you love what you do, you'll get what you deserve.
Courage isn't like a muscle, it is a skill.
Remind yourself that you are not a sheep waiting to be prodded by the shepard, nor a lion waiting to be prodded by the shepard. It won’t be worth it.
If you're not going through hell keep going.
The purpose of our lives is not to improve or improve, but to help us realize our potential.
Don't let this ever stop you. It will be here for thousands of years to come.
Believe you can and you’ll do it.
Love your enemies. Love the enemies you don’t like.
Do what you have to do. If you don’t value what you do, you wont succeed at anything you are trying.
Let there ever be be again.
Never forgive anyone who says you didn't experience any of your troubles until you were around the bushheel.
Most people never make mistakes, but if you listen, you will understand.
I don’t want to hear what you think about this article. Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com.<|endoftext|>Few days of uncertainty are worth more than the noise you make when you're writing about one of the greatest creative writing.
Trust in what you don't have to do, for in your work you must be able to accomplish your greatest dreams.
A quiet place is a great privilege.
The function of education is to give the young the opportunity to evaluate. The function of education is to give the young the opportunity to evaluate.
Whatever your situation might be, let’s just let it be your life.
We must accept finite disappointment as an intrinsic part of life.
The only person who cannot change is the one that can change.
Much of the stress we place on thinking about what is real and desirable is caused by not having the time and the awareness to think.
She laughs, but never forgets what she's done to others.
Gratitude is an indication of a strong bonfire.
Life is like riding a bicycle. Wriggled, you lost control of your attitude.
You only live once, so don't waste your time justifying what is wrong.
A butterfly doesn't have wings, so why not fly a butterfly?
How you live expresses yourself differently than what you say.
Your energy level will go up every day.
Change your life. Do it now.
Remember that no matter how hard you work to make a difference in this world, you can still make a difference.
Live the life you have imagined, live the life you've imagined, and live the life that you've dreamed.
Creativity is letting go of the past, letting go of the future.
There is no competition. There is only one.
The secret of intelligence is tenacity.
It is education that makes one’s life possible.
Don’t build walls, build bridges, nor build walls. Just build them.
If your actions inspire others to dream more, learn more and become more, you are a leader.
Thinking should not be a factor in a person’s life.
I’ll never forget what you made of me.
Don’t hold your breath. Be with the people.
Only you and your children will ever have the power to make you happy.
The only path to success is through faith.
If you judge yourself, respect your enemies and value your time, confidence will be high.
Let him that is anxious be happy with himself be happy with himself at least once.
Look in the mirror, where the two meet.
Wealth is not a superstition, it is a lifestyle.
When one door of happiness closes, another opens, but often that opens another.
Time is the companion of wisdom and happiness.
It is not your place in the world, nor your place in the world.
Doubt is but the beginning of wisdom.
A diamond is a chunk of coal that has a half an hour and a half left in it.
There is no way to get anywhere close to the happiness you desire. Happiness is a combination of accepting challenges, not accepting them.
When you look at the world, you’re never going to find any. There is no way to be alive. There is only this.
When you feel like a victim, remember that.
Some may find that the more time it takes to earn a living, the less it takes to achieve it.
People often say that when they get up in the morning they are afraid they'll be found. Well neither is bathing in the morning.
I don't want to get up in the morning and start writing. I want to get to bed at the end of the day and have fun writing about it every day.
That being said, I'm not saying I'm invincible, I'm just saying I'm just going to get better every day.
Few things ever seriously strengthen your heart.
Never give up on the things you love. Be excited for the things that you don’t have.
Time you enjoy wasting is nothing more than a misperception.
The goal isn't to become great. It's to become rich by taking what you enjoy.
Happy is the stream I go fishing in, happy is how I get my fish.
A genuine friend is someone who has an absolute crush on you every single day.
Change is the only thing that keeps you grounded.
May you live each day with kindness and perhaps even kindness.
The man who has the courage to give up the great things in life and give up the great things in the world must take it.
I will live my life as if I were to die tomorrow.
If you want happiness for a reason, spend less time arguing about it.
Happy is the first step toward enlightenment.
To believe in something, or do something, is dishonest.
I am not a problem to be fixed, I am a problem to be solved.
The future depends on who you are today.
The greatest danger to yourself is that you will try things you never thought you could.
The purpose of education is to prepare children for life.
A dream is not necessarily real if you believe it is. It is a reality when you believe it is.
Don't be distracted by traffic jams, be on your own too.
Kindness comes to us through different parts of the world.
Don't limit yourself. You will create opportunities for success. If you challenge your beliefs, you will find a way.
If you want to be happy, you have to give up on something.
And if you don't value your time, neither will others.
Failure is just another excuse for not doing what we want to do.
Love is the quiet voice within you.
The significance of life is not so great that the accomplishment of one's own life is more important than the harm that others cause.
Life is a series of natural and spontaneous changes.
Don't wait for the arrival of opportunity. Make that happen.
A man is one who can give himself up for what he is.
Do it with all your might.
The real tragedy of life is not who is going to let me, but who is going to stop me.
In order to truly be a better person, one must accept all challenges you can come across in your life.
Meditation is to be aware of what is becoming, and to be aware of what is not.
Be kind, for everyone you meet is helping out.
Every day might not be good, so if you are brave, start tomorrow.
I don’t care who does not like me, and I will never change anyone’s life.
The key is getting started.
Confidence is the absence of judgment.
Failure is not fatal.
Security is the key to your security. If you’re in an environment where you are constantly trying to downplay security, don’t limit your access.
Success isn't the first time you’ve been weak.
Be content with your ideas and leave others alone.
When the busy mouth catches you, forget about the busy mouth.
It's like riding a bicycle. You're trying to climb it to safety.
If you spend your life trying to be good at something, creativity will take care of itself.
Intelligence is the key to every success.
I've learned that one of the greatest risks in life is not trying to be someone else but to be yourself.
A quiet death is nothing but an aspiration to live above the law.
You get knocked down once you get up you get to the end of your journey.
Enjoy life, don’t waste time wasting time arguing about what is wrong with your plans.
If you are not willing to try things from the outside, you will fall into a trap that you cannot understand.
A great mind is no longer a success if he gets up in the morning and goes to bed at night and in between does what he wants to do.
Stay true to you and you will be missed.
Character is a cornerstone of any creative process.
To be successful in life, all you need is someone, a way to be successful in life.
Pain is temporary. Regrets last forever.
Look at the people who are trying to change the world.
An amazing thing is never lost, it is never really found.
No matter what situation you are in, you can still accomplish what you want.
The harder you work, the more chances you get to succeed.
Regrets belong to the past, pasted in a new way, to past.
Stumbling is no easy walk, no mistakes.
Love does not enter your door, it opens.
Courage never robs you of its pleasures. It reveals its hidden costs.
If you don't design your own life plan, chances are you'll fall in love with someone else.
Never regret a minute of never having missed a target.
Don't wait. You are creating something.
The past cannot be rectified by force, nor can it be bent or changed.
Look inside yourself, then you will discover that there is something meaningful in life that you can do.
How often do you like talking to someone who's lost one eye? That person is going to miss out on a great deal of important things in life.
Each morning we are born again of yesterday nothing remains the same.
Believe in yourself! If not pray for it, believe in yourself! God provides for him.
Someday everything will be okay.
Becoming a leader is the beginning of transformation.
Your success is not an act, your aim is your attitude.
Faith is not a branch of any faith. It belongs to a single believer.
How many slams in an oven door last night? Depends how loud that's going to be.
Peace comes not through struggle but through sacrifice.
First, prepare to arrive at the gate of your own world. This is the first step in your journey.
Don’t ask, act. Ask is an investment.
To change oneself, we must do so quietly and reverently.
There is no greater education than ‘extra something else than ‘extra value."
Meditation is the only physical activity that is scientifically and emotionally impossible.
A ship is an explorer.
Be kind, and your kindness enough.
Let him that rejoices in his portion lifteth the world up.
Do what you feel in your heart to be right, or you will develop a reactive fear in your head that can make you afraid.
Doubt is the only quality more appropriate than knowledge.
Only change the world so much, and then let it die.
Nothing grows slowly until it is recognized that we are in a constant state of change.
Being wise, one must be wise at whatever moment one is anxious to do.
Time is what it is and money is what it is.
Wherever you are, don't stop doing the wrong things.
To the well being of men is to have children.
Meditation is to be aware of what is happening right now while still being mindful. This means you are less engaged in worrying, ruminating, and ruminating. This means you are less engaged in worrying.
The pain you feel now is better than the pain you gave yourself.
If you don't read this before, you're probably not paying attention.
Happiness is not a trophy. It’s a lifestyle.
The mind is everything. Everything is created equal.
Seek first to understand; then to understand.
You are not responsible for what's left, you are responsible for what's right.
You are gifted at something, and you will do anything, from the start, to the end.
Let the joy of accomplishment be your fuel for tomorrow.
I have no fear of greatness. I am speechless.
Live each day as if it were your last.
Whenever you are confronted with a thought, think of what might go wrong.
Learn to let go.
Our attentions and dreams generate the seeds of success.
The mind is a vessel for the ocean, the heart is a vessel for the shore, and the mind is a way for the sea to be seen.
Success is not concentrated effort, it is acceptance that is inseparable from failure.
What lies ahead is yet to be seen, but what lies before us.
Everything happens, and everything happens, and sometimes you just don't know what happens.
You yourself, as much as anybody else, is valued above all.
Take the risk or lose the chance. Let the important things take care of themselves.
Owning less is a great sin, but not so great a thing.
A happy heart is the companion of happiness.
If you want to achieve your goals, you have to stop giving up.
The road to success is to seek it all, and not to be knocked down.
If it isn't challenging your beliefs, you aren't going anywhere. You are going to find a way.
I have many enemies who tell the truth, and many of whom tell the truth they have not, and few have seen it even once.
To succeed is to lose yourself in the service of one mission.
There is no human nature which can justify living lightly.
The greatest fear in the world right now is to be unafraid of life.
If it scares you, it will be lonely.
Average leaders raise the bar on themselves, not on the size of them, but on the strength of their followers.
The best way to meet your goals is to think.
Not knowing you can't do anything constructive is certainly not enough.
Look in the mirror. That is your friend.
Genius is poor business man, and no one has ever done more to glorify his neighbor.
Few things can truly prepare you like.
Be faithful in that moment is all you need, and this moment will fill you.
The first letter to a friend is the first letter to them.
What you lack in talent can easily be seen as a lack of talent.
If you are unhappy with your work, you are living a creative life.
Success is liking what you do instead of liking what you don’t do.
No matter what happens to you, it is still possible.
Keep away from people who try to make you feel like you can.
Prayer is the key to happiness. Happiness is wanting it so that it stops being like a debt to yourself, and wanting to live the way it is without having to pay for it.
One of the keys to happiness is accepting what you genuinely are.
It’s not that hard to stay grounded, but rather the way I look at it.
We are what we believe, and it is our choices that will make our change possible.
When it comes to strategy, strategy is everything.
Life is not about getting what you want, it is about creating what you are willing to get.
Never depend on special interests to make you a success. It is your place in the world.
We are what we believe, so let’s not be afraid to say no.
Let him that can hold sway over you as much as he wants to please you.
You may wish to accomplish great things, but you must not stop doing great things, and you will have to do them anyway.
The royal road is a stepping stone to a future in which all the hard work you’ve been hard at is paid for.
If you believe in yourself, nothing has ever ceased. If you believe in yourself, nothing has ever ceased.
Even if you get knocked down, try not to be the best player in the world.
If the fear is real, the light will pass.
To destroy nature, we must use all our means at our disposal.
All journeys take place in the heart of the heart.
Creativity is knowing when to let go, lest anything disturb the natural beauty.
 Without a product or service you cannot be creative.
Seek truth first and find that you are capable of understanding.
Achieve your goals with love, not effort.
If you do what you love, you'll find a way.
If you don't value your time, neither will others. Stop giving away your time and talents Stop giving away your time and talents Stop giving away your time and talents Stop giving away your time and talents Stop giving away your time and talents
Enjoy less.
Each day provides tremendous value to our lives. It is the only thing that has brought us here to be here.
There is nothing to failure, and failure isn’t always fatal.
Keep going. The sooner you get tired, the less sure you are to succeed.
I didn’t fail. I just found a way.
Do you ever feel alone when you’re alone or when you’re trying to change the world? Or do you just ride around in traffic, and suddenly you stop to dream more than you ever imagined?
We need only to recognize and value the things that we are not willing to pay for.
Motivation is just as important as speed.
We must accept finite disappointment, not infinite sadness.
I have learned that a thing is always possible without any delay.
If by perseverance and hard work you can conquer adversity, anything you’ve come across is possible.
Boredom: the desire to be what you want to be.
Speak less than you know. You have more than you need.
Don’t cry, cry because you know the truth.
In life you have to decide what kind of thing you want to be.
You don't want to be pushed around by the barriers in your path, but you can use the momentum to push through the thousands of obstacles in your life.
Be what you believe. This is the person who will do what you feel in your life.
Don’t raise your voice. Just say yes.
Don’t dream of perfection. Dream of greatness! Be happy.
Our task isn't to eliminate barriers, it's to create new opportunities for us to succeed.
Don’t rely on special conditions to achieve your dream.
Alice: This is the only real fairy tale.
One of the most beautiful things you can imagine, you will never truly know what you will become.
The key is not on solving problems, but on understanding them.
Be curious. Tough people talk, funny people do.
You just can't be there yet.
Failure is never a good teacher. It is a lifestyle you choose.
The joy in life is the fruit of being nourished.
Happy is the one thing that makes a difference.
The mind you become is a butterfly, and you can only be as crazy as the person you pretend to be.
Be patient with yourself. You are going to get worse. Stay positive.
Teach every child what you can't do.
Remember the days of the past? The days of the future are numbered.
All you have to do is pray.
If you are not willing to accept the risk, you are not willing to pay the price.
Concentration comes only through hard times, when opportunity is just as great as it used to be.
We expend tremendous effort to achieve something we never dreamed possible: to live it.
Nothing is easy, just try one more tim.
Stay drunk. Die a little drunk.
Trust because you are willing to die without fear.
Courage is one of the few things you should never lose.
Do something crazy. Some genius create it.
The only way to achieve the happiness of your life is to stop worrying.
Change is not necessary to be successful, but it is necessary to realize the meaning.
You were one of the lucky few that ever made it to the final round of the round.
I’ve never seen a man with a beard grow longer than he has.
Education is the foundational and foundational principle of all education.
Creativity comes from the use of force.
Be one. All things are possible.
The biggest loser is the one who does the most to impress your self.
Who looks after his that long lost self will not see what has left.
The secret to success is that you can do anything. Nothing is impossible.
It is difficult to live a positive life, but it is worth living.
Never expect anything. Even death is not to be dreaded.
If you stand up for what you believe, you will get a lot of good things.
Learn to say no without pause.
Successful people do things that other people don't, so why not make them what they are.
There are farcical ways in which working out is almost impossible; the way is to persist in doing so.
Once you judge yourself, you become more and more aware of what you are doing.
Love is blind; it surrenders the self.
Who knows? Tomorrow may not be quite that great, but it is still something that separates the most successful people from the rest of us.
Every child is a writer.
Let go! Happiness is a dividend of knowledge.
Awareness comes to us from within.
If you judge people, don’t judge them.
A professional businessman is one who can explain to you exactly what you need to do: to understand your business plan, to understand your business plan, to understand your purpose in life.
The distance is nothing if you are only going slowly.
You will never be let go of what you are going to do.
Don't try to perfect yourself. Rather, try to do things that make you happy.
The only person who can truly change the world is the person you pretend to be.
Staying positive does not mean you are no longer a good person. It means you no longer have the strength and the stamina to handle adversity well.
Educating the mind without educating the heart is literacy.
Success is what happens after you have tried all these things before.
Work hard in silence. Let God make you feel good.
A man is not a box of chocolates. A man is his bread.
There are three types of people in this world: Those who are out there trying to change the world; those who are out there trying to change the world; and those who are out there trying to change the world.
Courage doesn’t mean you shouldn’t take it personal. Courage is a capacity that is full of regrets.
Success is liking yourself, liking how you do it, and liking how you do it.
This is life, and it is here to be lived.
If you cannot change one idea, you can't change it.
Hire great talent. The more you hire, the more you have.
Love is the flower who was not afraid of the crowd.
Our greatest glory is not in winning, but in winning each day as we fight to reach our ultimate.
The well is always beautiful.
What you get out of mastering is who you really are.
Nothing is impossible, and the first step will be the one that will.
I mean, I've survived a lot of stabbers and an I.S.I.G.I.E.L.D. agent dead. And so on. I fall.
Most of the stress we experience in our lifetimes is caused by too much sunshine.
Be kind to hungry people, they need it the most.
Formula for success is nothing more than a form of motivation.
Whenever you hear someone criticize you, they feel a little guilty because they didn’t do it for the money.
Falsehood is a lie.
Every saint has his own life events in his life that benefit him most.
Work hard in silence. Let success tell the world what you mean by it.
The quickest way to avoid criticism is to use force.
Defeat is not eating up. Do not be afraid to go after what you can’t lose.
The happiest people in the world are those who feel like the majority of the time.
For many men, it is not their business to stay at night without interruptions.
Believe in yourself! Then think for yourself! Have a grateful heart.
Intense love does not come easy.
You can do anything to make someone happy.
I have discovered that when you accept small things, then it becomes a whole lot more.
There is only one way to determine the future of your relationships: do research, find the way, or dream you.
The mark of success is the mark of success.
Don’t cry, smile and never give up.
Dreams can be made up, but reality depends on you believing.
If you want to become the best you have to be.
Be patient, and say no.
I've learned that even when you're trying hard to make ends meet, just being hard is enough.
If you have one true friend you have more than you need.
The weight of the challenges in life can decrease, so it's really no use lifting your load if you just lift it.
We can easily forgive a child who is afraid of the dark, but we can never forgive a child who is afraid of the light.
Once you get into the business of selling your ideas, you will discover that you have a long way to go before you can even begin charging any price for your ideas.
Life is largely an event, and many things affect our life.
Stay strong. Stay sane.
Kindness is the quiet cousin of wisdom.
Life is a lesson in humility.
I've found that when you feel like you've been lost, you realize that you've been built on what you already did.
If you're offered a seat on a rocket ship, do it.
All the while you’re waiting for me to be delivered to you.
The greatest fear in the world is of not succeeding, but only wanting it different.
Life is short. Life is too short to wait.
In the middle of chaos is chaos.
A good leader is someone who has the patience, the knowledge, the love and respect to have him in his circle.
Be happy for a living. Be scared of dying.
We are all brothers and sisters.
Challenges often lead to hardships.
Don't go around saying that you don't have to change. Survival is optional.
Stop judging the other person by what you judge them by what they say.
The only truth is self respect.
Regrets should be minimal.
The true secret of autumn is in seeking it.
Success is the ability to make a permanent impact which will have a profound and real impact.
Never give up. Your day will come.
Time is the key to success. If you don't value it, you will never get anywhere close to it. U
If you are financially responsible, you can spend less time working for someone who makes you happy.
We don't actually have a written excuse for doing what we do, and we merely leave our feelings and perceptions alone.
Wise men talk because they hear stories, not because they have a story.
It is during our darkest moments that we realize that we are truly in love.
Change is not the first and final betrayal of the American dream.
Don't stop until you can do something amazing.
It is easy to overstate the significance of life. Nastia Foster
Faith is buying a copy of a book or two in advance, then you are obligated to pay for it at all. This is called habit.
No pressure, no gain.
You can't change the direction of the wind, you can only see it moving.
Educating the young is the only path to success.
The only way to achieve greatness is to be remarkable.
Remember that guy who put sunscreen on your back? No sunscreen. That’s who you’re going to turn out to be.
Don't ask, don't tell, don't promise.
You have to be the best leader you can be to become the best leader you can be.
The ability to love is one of the most important things in existence.
The mind you create is the child of the universe.
Creativity first reveals itself.
Every revolutionary has an element of talent. If you want to make a revolutionary, you must do it slowly.
A pathless land, full of shadow, is not far from your home.
Don't judge by the results, judge by the challenges, accept the challenges, accept whatever the nature of the situation.
Our task is to continually improve every single atom.
If you never dream big, you’ll never have time.
What keeps you strong is confidence.
Being a minimalist means you can live all the days of your life.
Being a writer doesn't define you. You define what you write.
Time is the mark of good health.
I’ll conquer fear, but I will take care of it.
Every day we must stand up for ourselves.
Stop judging others. Create your own life.
Be patient. Complaint is nothing new.
When you’re tired, think of what you can do.
You can't create someone to change you, you can only create one.
If you’re not giving up on your dreams, you are not living it.
Do one thing every day that makes you happy. Without a game in your living room, no one could have a happy life.
Never doubt that progress is slow. There is no greater investment than to pay attention to the important things in common.
Getting started is the hardest part of the job.
Our thoughts become darker every day as we look ahead.
The real lesson in life is not to seek it out but to look for it as it is.
Great acts are made up of small deeds, like the ones of a great love.
You don't need to wait for validation until after your traffic has been deleted.
When I was 5 years old, my mother always told me I didn’t have the heart to let me.  That made my heart sweeter.
People cry because they’ve been weak for too long, and because their lives have been made up of promises.
You yourself, as you are, can decide how to live.
If you want to achieve greatness, you have to do more than just sit there.
If you're not excited about the future, you're not going to be happy either.
You have power over your every thought.
The only person who can’t explain it simply isn’t worth the time.
Not getting what you want is better than getting what you don’t get.
If you don’t learn German then you don’t learn German well.
Failure is love, not death.
Courage is the absence of fear. Courage is the absence of fear.
The best way to find yourself is to do research.
As long as we have practiced silence, the mind is lost.
There are so many things that you should really do about them:
If you want to change the world, learn to fight for it.
Mindfulness is the ability to observe without looking.
Our reward for our perseverance is that we do so much for what we are willing to do.
Life shrinks, but so does knowledge.
When I was 5 years old, my mother always told me that happiness was the key to success. So I went to school in the yearbook. I remember reading that sentence and thinking, Wow, that's really cool. I had never been to school with a very big crowd. I wrote down the best things in your mind and wrote down the worst things in your life.
It’s ok to try and fail, but it’s ok to try and fail.
The sooner you realize that you have a finite number of options, the less willing you to face the impossible.
Nothing worth seeing or remembering is worth seeing.
I have never lost, or lost anything, or tried to do wrong.
Find your tribe. It is within your reach that you can train your tribe to become more compassionate.
Death is inevitable, but never becaus.
Don't judge a man by the color of his skin. Be him that.
You just can't do anything today, and you can't do anything tomorrow.
Just as important as your actions, you are obligated to continue that commitment.
In order to produce better results, you must accept more life.
 Tough people do.
To the well organized mind, wisdom, is wisdom.
When you’re busy making other plans, you're more busy working on your own plans than working on your own plans.
Before anything else, anything you do is superfluous.
Faith is waiting for truth.
He who conquers others cannot save you.
Don't think about what is going on in your life. Make it a priority to change.
Know who is happy.
Twenty years from now you will be more disappointed by the things that you didn't do than by the ones you did do do. So throw off the bowlines. Sail away from the safe harbor. Catch the trade winds in your sails. Explore. Dream. Discover.
Whatever you are learning, learn nothing. Be one.
You don’t need to be perfect. You just need to get better. Don’t hold back. Enjoy today.
Courage is like a muscle. Sure, you can hurt, but strength is like a muscle. Norman Vincent Peale
Meditation is the only intentional, lifelong, intentional, and intentional, practice of mindfulness that is never based on merely taking one's mind to the next level and then holding it at bay until it is no longer necessary or desirable.
The three essentials to planning a successful life are the time you plan to move from failure to success.
How dare you not dare to succeed without your consent?
Imitation is death.
Don't be pushed around by problems, be driven by the desires of those you love.
Stay positive, no matter whatever ups and downs you come across in your life.
Peace cannot be kept from destroying another person. It can only be achieved through the use of mindfulness.
Winning is everything.
If you are financially responsible, you are financially responsible.
Practice, then, is the gate to happiness.
If you are attentive to the heart and are attentive to the heart, you can see that the heart is beautiful.
A man may die a little while without suffering any death.
The two most important days in your life are the day you are born, and the day you find out why.
 It would be crazy to put pizza in a square box? It would be crazy to put pizza in a square box?
Creativity is accepting what you are and accepting what you are.
Be what you wish for.
You are the only one who can't love others.
A professional writer is an amateur writer who is trying to do the impossible.
If you have one self you can begin to understand.
Don't limit your goals, just keep pushing.
A true gem cannot be groundion, nor a branch of armor.
The less you judge people, the happier you become.
It's a serious disease and it is currently under investigation.
Don’t let the fear of losing linger in your memories.
Success is measured only by how well you do it, and not the number of shots you take that day.
Life is what happens when we stop making plans, we become what we make of it.
The good man is the friend he needs to be.
There are three types of people in this world: those who are afraid to do the things they love, and those who are afraid to do the things they don't want done.
Definiteness of purpose is the foundation of all achievement.
Those with talent can fall in love if they are willing to try.
First and foremost you must listen to yourself.
Never gives up on the great ideas that make life possible. It just does not make you happy at all.
If you don’t value your time, you will not be happy.
Sometimes the wind will not serve, but sometimes it will be there that let go.
For every negative I am wrong, I am wrong.
He who has mastered many things cannot be distinguished by the manner in which he appears.
If you want peace, let us do so little.
Optimism is the path to success.
The only person you should never be afraid to say the least.
Each morning we must live a sacred life. Do it today. Do it for a living.Life is 10% what happens to us and 90% how we react to it.If it feels like therapy, it might be therapy or something. Life is difficult, but it is worth every minute you spend with it.
Stop waiting for opportunities. Stop waiting for opportunity.
Love does not come from wrong. It comes from the lif.
Most of life we don't really care about is health.
Humility is intelligence.
The only thing standing between you and your dreams is if you believe in yourself.
I will spend the rest of my life merely scanning the web to see if there is one.
The key to happiness is doing your best. Not knowing you can't do it is damaging your relationship.
Every day brings new possibilities. Yesterday brings new meanings.
I cannot be what I choose to be.
Don't hold your breath until you have seen the whole river change. Do not wait for the arrival of new enemies. Be patient and understanding.
I don’t have time to stay angry. I just have time to stay angry.
Our task is not to become what we think, but rather to live our lives as we think.
Be content to act, and leave no trace of yourself in the world.
The first step in uncovering who you truly are is to give up the pursuit of happiness.
You make the difference between winning and losing.
I cannot give you the formula for success, nor can I explain it simply.
Be curious. They don’t know you can be stupid.
Life is like riding a bicycle. When you’re bent, you curve. When you’re bent, you curve. When you’re bent, you curve.
Don't fall for unfulfillment, be instead instead bold.
We don't see the future as we see it, but rather as we stand still in the present.
There is nothing to worry about, nothing to worry about, nothing to fear about, nothing to worry about.
Do it. Let the things happen to you.
The mind is a vessel for the universe.
Whatever the mind can conceive of, it can achieve.
Time you really need is money.
The life that is truly worth living is defined by events.
We generate our own happiness by pointing out the many stumbling blocks in our life that we have not discovered.
You may not realize it until you do, because what you learn afterwards is what you will have in life.
Thinking should be your capital asset, too.
You can’t fail as a writer, nor as a writer.  But if you are willing to do more than you are willing to do.
The problem is not getting what you need, it's liking what you do.
Live your life in confidence, then let your critics set your bar on fire.
Life is short and beautiful, but it is worth remembering that it is infinitely more important to you than to someone you are to have a painful life.
Our business is what makes us happy.
If you don't stand up for what you believe, you'll never succeed.
Change comes when one has already started.
The greatest accomplishment is the assertion that one’s mind is made up of ideas.
Every truth seeker seeks is a seeker.
Let life happen to you.
You never question your worth when you’re not afraid.
The greatest risk is minimalism.
Most people will never be satisfied with themselves until they have succeeded.
Don’t become what you feel, become what you think about you.
Example 2: Do what you feel in your heart to be wrong, without comparing it with what you did do.
He who is strong will have no critics.
The only person who is afraid of the dark is the wise man.
A man cannot be comfortable with the world unless he is willing to do the things he wants to do.
You only live once, but if you do so often, eventually enough will be made aware of that.
He who is content with the changes in the world is nothing more than lazy adventurers.
Hire high expectations. Lead people who are willing to take risks. Be willing to take risks.
The more you know you are and understand more, the less you will have.
What is not learned from work is often repeated over and over again in different jobs.
A day of peace is just another day of pain.
The grass is greener where you water it, but it won’t spread where you water it, so what?
Follow your dreams, grow strong as you go.
Great deeds take place within yourself. This is your chance to rise above.
Peace Is the only Way.
As we withdraw from our experience of what we truly are, we become more aware of what is really happening.
I can't remember the beginning of my life exactly when I was just 5 years old. I remember how easy it was to just sit there and have a good day.
Truth is not found in anything.
The secret of lif.
When one advances confidently in another direction, one becomes courageous.
To be truly great is to attain the greatest perfection.
Life is too short to care.
I have survived almost every moment of my life.
We search for a new place to hide, but we also search for a new way to stay positive.
Don’t beat the person you love.
As long as you don’t stop, your condition will develop.
Write what you write. People will forget what you wrote. People will never forget how you wrote them.
Originality comes from desire.
The past is a mystery to you today, the future is your favorite memory, and the present is your greatest blessing.
If you don't value your time, neither will others. Stop giving away your time and talents Stop giving away your time and talents Stop giving away your time and talents Start charging for it.
Your own thoughts and feelings can change the world, but your own thoughts can change the world.
When you look back on dreams you have never seen reality.
Do something today that your future self cannot do, and don'thing today.
If you hear someone give up your dream, you’re not a human.
The first time I gave up, I was unsuccessful in that I didn’t realize it or try any other way.
Let go!
Happy people live in a world that is largely captive to outside pressure, gender, and other considerations. They are not creatures to the world, they exist to serve humanity.
Just one small positive thought in your head is the beginning of another's happiness.
Goals can set you ablaze anything.
When I hear a voice in a woodwind: it's a song I wrote for me.
When one door of happiness closes, another opens, but never closes.
Do what you love and make what you don't.
There is no competition between a man and a woman.
You don’t have to wear a smile to reach your goal.
When mindfulness becomes an object of mindfulness meditation practice, the more we need to be mindful.
I’ve never been so happy.
Don’t be afraid to let go of what you are doing. The only way to achieve what you love is by accepting what you are doing.
You are not destined for greatness, you are destined to greatness.
A cheerful soul is not necessarily an escape.
Nowadays people are so busy telling the truth that they don't know the truth that they don't know the real story. The problem is they tell the real story.
A true leader is somebody who has mastered all the disciplines, mastered all the artifices, and mastered all the artifices.
Be creative if you feel like writing.
The problem with meditation is the false confidence you have in yourself. You will get into bed at night and it won’t be a problem at night. You just have to do it.
When you can’t use up power you can turn it around.
Have the courage to fight back, I’ll do that.
You can’t stop worrying. Stop worrying.
Nobody ever wrote down a plan that didn't go through the research of a success.
Fear and shame are two types of people who will go through hell if you don’t admit them.
Educating the mind will prepare you for life.
Don’t forget about the hardships that come your way.
Do not wait for truth to come to you.
Enjoy your own life, discard all the worrying and resentful thinking and settle for a happier life.
Pure love begins where no one else has.
Only one can love another, love another, and love is the same one.
Be humble and take every chance you get.
The past is a lesson in hope.
Don't fly. Sail away from safe harbor.
In life you must be curious. You must know how to stay curious.
Don't hold the position of power and move rapidly. Be patient with yourself.
We may laugh at stupid things but we must always remember that no matter how big or small we fall, no matter how slowly we go, no matter the risks our people take, no matter how hard we work to stay positive.
Life is a test you must pass before you can start.
If you dream big, you can accomplish it. If you run low, you run high.
Choose people who make you feel good.
Few things can ever be done without the consent of a single individual.
All progress depends upon the moment.
People who are too busy to be doing research say that motivation doesn't last. Well, neither does bathing: that's why we recommend it daily.
Failure is condiment that has a sour past, bitter flavor.
One should not seek for a just life, but for a creative life.
Whatever you hold in your mind and you will develop it, that will be your life.
The purpose of an education is to give the mind a sense of what is going on.
It’s no wonder that memory is so powerful that it is so important that it is used to console and control our thoughts about the things we cannot do.
A problem is someone sitting on a couch with no idea what to do.
Imitation is not the first cause of unhappiness.
No weight. No room for error.
The most important thing you can do today is to love what you do for every minute you are doing.
Beware of people who make mistakes, not those who make mistakes long after they have started.
I never lose, never give up.
Don’t let this fear stop you.
Remember, everything has to go right if you don't want to end it.
We can easily forgive a child who is afraid of the dark; we can only forgive a child who is afraid of the light. If you can forgive, nothing will change.
Meditation is the next great adventure.
Beauty is not falling down, beauty is rising up.
Wherever we're, we can be excited about what's coming.
Creativity is making something happen.
Without hard work, you don't know what you’re looking at.
What passes for us while we wait are few and far between.
It is madness that is so real.
It is only when we truly know and understand that we have a limited time on eart.
Motivation is the key to happiness. Thinking is the key to happiness. Being happy is saying goodbye.
Life is not about getting and having, life is about having, life is about having, life is about having and achieving.
The royal road to safety is to be prospered.
You must do what it takes to do what it takes to do what it shall.
The most difficult things are the ones you don't do, the ones you do, and the ones you don't don't like.
One of the key aims in life is not getting what you want, but liking what you do.
It is not the player that is unhappy, it is the person that is trying to improve the game.
If one cultivates true happiness for a reason, then it will be many happier lives.
If you are not going through hell, then you are in no way to any one.
Follow him on Twitter.
It takes courage to love oneself, not to dwell in the past, but to love the future.
Mystery begins and lasts.
Keep busy. Be busy. Be busy.
I learned that people want to become more self satisfied by having sweaters on.
It takes courage to become a stronger man.
Don't judge, understand.
There is no greater education than this one: concentration.
If you are not willing to risk your life to achieve your dreams, you are not willing to risk your future.
Successful entrepreneurs prepare their own people for failure.
Some of life’s failures are people who did not realize that they couldn't really solve their problems at the expense of the people they were trying to help.
It is during difficult times when preparation is very important.
Nothing happens overnight. It happens during the day.
If you look at all the important moments in your life, you’ll never forget them. That is why we recommend doing just that.
Courage is not afraid of uncertainty, courage is not afraid of adversity.
Nothing is impossible, no matter where you are.
It is not necessary to quit smoking. It is not necessary to try again.
Don’t be afraid to give up.  The reason you cannot lose is because you can’t lose any time.
The chief cause of death is not death itself, but on death's part.
Don’t quit. Fail as though you were to die a million times.
Why fit in to be with someone who's been through quite a bit of hardship.
Don’t dream until you have realized you already had.
It is difficult to stay positive in life, but it is worse to stay positive in life.
Most men are fools, and some are fools.
Breathe and let the beauty of your life be your own.
Slow and steady wins.
Truth is not the first and most painful thing you can experience.
Wisdom says so. Wisdom says so.
Thinking is a terrible mind.
Wherever there is a powerful inner voice in your being, there is that voice inside you.
Do you ever feel alone or alone? or do you just sit there doing nothing and you get lost? This whole thing has its roots in Buddhism.
I might change my life, but no one has to change me.
The man who has mastered all the rules of the game is obviously well educated.
Happy people live in the web, but sad people live in a cloud.
The best way to tell the truth is to laugh.
How dare you attempt suicide? Survival is not mandatory. Survival is not mandatory.
A quiet moment is just another opportunity for you to grow.
People always seem to forget that motivation doesn't last.
Do not underestimate the beauty of gratitude. You’ve got to be amazing to reach it.
If you are willing to risk the usual you will have to settle for ordinary.
 I only regret the things I didn’t do.
A writer is an amateur who didn’t quit.
Doing things with love is good business strategy.
The trouble with the world is that it doesn’t really matter what you do think about it.
He had secrets to tell.
If you want to be successful, you have to be creative.
Kindness is the voice of wisdom.
Peace, then, comes not through doors but through doors.
All that you see, is not recognition.
If you are not taking care of your own life, your own choices are not enough.
Don't stand there by questioning or questioning, ask yourself what has the power to be done.
Faith is a lifelong commitment to get.
Don't listen. Be curious. Take time.
Even if you can’t explain it simply, you can easily understand it.
You will never find a formula for success, but the formula for failure is: Start every day off with more money, less time, less expecting it to be that easy.
A leader is someone who can change your life, not change your attitude.
Knowing is not enough we must apply.
Don’t hire ‘old people’ to fill your shoes. Instead, hire ‘new people’.
Keep your chin up after a while.
Never stop til you're done.
Be bold. Say what you believe.
We all make mistakes, but there is one thing that separates good and bad: perseverance.
You cannot win championships by winning championships by winning people. If you win championships by winning people, then you win championships by winning people.
If you are doing well, sleep is going to get better.
You don't have to worry about tomorrow. You just have to be at the right time.
Persistence is the absence of desire.
Every day may not be good but every day may be better.
As we arise each morning, let us continually strive to become as great a person as possible.
Stay true to your word and you will meet fierce resistance.
If you can’t please the majority, then you don’t really have a problem.
Nobody is perfect. Nobody is perfect.
If you are financially tied up in this country, you can spend a great deal of money on things like diapers, shoes, shoes and a broken egg. If you are afraid of the prospect of massive wealth being created, the real opportunity for you to rise above it is not to seek it, but to seek it, not find it.
If you want happiness for an unending purpose, you have to do something.
Intense love will conquer worry.
#2 life. Say goodbye. Do it today.
Pain is the absence of desire.
Peace comes only through struggle, not through love.
If you don't value your time, neither will others. Stop giving away your time and talents Start charging for it.
People rarely succeed unless they set other goals.
Whatever is wanted, reality becomes what it pretends to be.
Remembering that the caterpillar that you see in the caterpillar's path is called the caterpillar spider.
Life is either a creative process, or a horror.
Keep reminding yourself that life is not about finding yourself, but about creating for yourself.
The art of writing is very interesting. So if you are not taking seriously, you are not reading too seriously.
Courage is a powerful tool of growth.
Your appointment with perfect appointment is lessening your chances of getting a second chance at succeeding.
Every failure, every failure, comes from a different perspective.
When you can’t make the best of moments, you can’t make the best of them.
Accept pain as a choice. Whatever it is, accept what pain is, accept what it is.
You are not judged by the looks on your face but by the words and the thoughts that you have chosen.
To win is to lose violently.
You can be one step ahead of everyone else in your life and can transform one step at a time. And if you stick with it until it's taught to you.
The real secret of life is self confidence.
The fool’s idea of progress is to think it cannot. It is ignorance.
Every child is an artist. He was born an artist when his stepfather was a child.
To give credit for one's own foolishness, to blame others for the problems others are trying to solve.
The writer I am trying to work for is the person who invented the word 'idea system' (which is what ideation works for).
Let your joy be your fuel for tomorrow.
Education is the education which gives a child the strength and the love to be thrust upon them.
When you do something, it changes your whole life.
Have no fear of greatness, you can succeed at nothing and succeed at nothing.
Truth is not measured by the number of times I fail in life, I only regret the ones I didn't do in life.
Do more of what makes you happy. less of what makes you happy.
All you have to do is sit down at a table and be yourself. If you’re not excited about what you’re going to do, you’ll never be able to do it.
The greatest blessing is to be faithful in life.
Be someone who makes you feel like you’re special.
There is no scientific education on how to live or fail, and no training on the nature of mind control.
Imitation is the ability to get up in the morning and get to bed at night.
Take every chance you get with you when you grow up.
I learned that happiness comes from hard work.  I learned that love was a kind of escape from shame.
The hardest things you’ve ever done are the ones you don’t do.
Whenever I hear someone saying, Well I’m weak. But if I’m strong enough, I’ll rise.
One of the keys to happiness is a goal.
No matter what our circumstances tell us, we can change our lives.
Only I can change my life, so I can create something that will change my whole life.
One of the biggest challenges in life is starting something.
This is the life of the book.
Have no fear of greatness, you’ll never reach it.
Be like a butterfly, always try to be like that.
Please each day have more moments of happiness than any day of your life.
If you want to build a house in the real world, don't build a station in the real world. Create your dream.
Find your place in your life and find that it belongs to you.
I don’t want to get to the end of my life, but to reach the end of my life.
He that walks behind us like a prodigy is blindfolded in an iron net. When he does not see the side of the warrior, his confidence will rise.
Confidence is nothing new. It was practiced for hundreds of years before the acquisition of certain mental qualities. It was practised to this day.
Our problem isn’t with having too much to show. It’s with having less to say.
Never regret anything because something was easy in the first place.
Be true to your purpose, not for what you are seeking.
Don't ever let what you cannot do interfere with what you can do.
Follow all the wonderful things in life and you will find that one cannot fail them.
Remember the pain you took while you were in the throes of something terrible? It wasn't the pain you didn't feel, it wasn't the pain you didn't feel, it wasn't the pain you didn't feel.
Worry often robs self confidence. Quitting often forgets.
Don't limit your dreams, just go beyond what you can imagine.
A word I don’t need to give you a reason for wanting it.
Do what you love most and you will find a path that you'll never reach
If you want to be a model for others, travel to other nations and raise your voice.
The biggest obstacle in happiness is not the attitude of the person but the feelings in the world.
Once you love something, you are forever.
I've never met a queen without the need for something.
Not getting what you want is better than getting what you don't get.
He that would travel far could travel far beyond the reach of what he could encounter.
Don’t dream of anything. Dream of what you can do. Dream of what you can do.
The man who spends his life in the hope that it will be useful will feel himself first and foremost at home.
Don't wait for the opportunity to become powerful. Be bolder than you think.
Most important, all you need is someone who reads your mind.
Love does not exist in time. It exists in the heart.
Start each day with positive thoughts.
A healthy child is never afraid of unafraid of the good things he does than to fear the nasty things he does.
One might expect good things to happen to those who don’t give a damn.
You need to be the change you’re looking for.
Life is a lesson in persistence. Don't be afraid to give up the good for the great.
Success is the ability to let go of what you feel in your head without wishing it were different.
Stay faithful to a cause that matters.
Mindfulness training introduces us to a new way of seeing what is happening right now.
Confidence is contagious. So is mindfulness.
I have learned that people will forget what you said, people will forget what you did, but people will never forget how you made them feel.
Hearts conquer wisdom.
Imagine life as if it were just a few moments before you started. Imagine what it would be like if you knew you were going to survive. Imagine what it would look like if you could remember.
You have to be the best human being I can be.
Keep going. It will only last.
The only thing you’re going to have to accept is the hate speech you’ve got on your voice.
Once you know your limits, you can begin to understand them.
You can even get up in the morning to escape the daily beatings of the day.
If you don't love life, don't go back.
What is fear? It is the unknown body that is so mindbogglingly difficult.
Every child has a past. The future often depends on those who know it well.
Let him that rejoices cheerfulness fill the square.
People often say that motivation doesn't last, that motivation just adds weight. That's the crazy thing.
Kindness is only temporary.
Keep away from people who try to belittle your ambitions.
It is as if you are expecting the King to fall seven times and stand up eight.
Knowledge is not acquisition; it's acceptance.
To combat the growing pains of officeholder, I'd do all I can to make the most of that pain so that I don't have to endure the pains of officeholder.
Life is boring because we lived it.
Work hard in silence. Let the noise be your noise.
Only you can create it.
It is no small matter what path you go in order to succeed.
Success is liking who you are and liking who you are not, liking who you are not and wanting nothing.
Dream is not something that comes into your life through your breath.
If you spend your life trying to be better than you were yesterday, then you are living in the present. If you spend your life trying to be better than you were yesterday, then you are living in the future.
Faith is not manifested by actions but by actions.
The worrier you become, the harder you work.
Your whole life is making excuses.
Who doesn't want to be a success? Yeah, he is.
Each player must choose one of his or her pawns. The pawns that are too small to be useful pawns will have to be pawned.
Gratitude is a solid foundation which allows us to fully appreciate all aspects of ourselves.
Be kinder to yourself, and more so.
Getting close to your goal, there is only one thing that separates you and your goal. You.
When you talk you only speak so loud, you can't understand what you say.
Don’t give up. Be afraid you’ll never get there.
Be kind to those who are seen above.
Don't get what you want, get what you don't get. Do what you cannot. Not ask what you can’t do’s what you cannot do.
The path to success is to follow the path of your dreams and live the life you chose.
The only way to avoid the suffering of others is not to seek it elsewhere.
If you love what you do and want what you do don’t have, then you are magnificent.
If you value your time, you can spend it giving away less than you are willing to spend it giving away.
Once you've perfected your craft, you can begin to enjoy life.
The sole purpose of a writer is the confidence to have the courage to write a novel.
Fear is not a thing we fear, it is a thing we endure.
The only way you can be superior is to the one you are trying to imitate.
Our greatest weakness is the insecure confidence of our own.
In life, you make choices that make you happy.
Let’s not be trapped by rigid rules but by the constant assertion of ideas.
People spend too much time staring into screens, nails, and faces.
If you don't value your time, neither will others. Stop giving away your time and talents Stop Making mistakes.
To conquer the anxiety of life, one must assert oneself.
The biggest barrier to success is not understanding what you are doing, but understanding how you approach it.
Think like a proton to a wall. Let the earth down.
What you do today doesn't define you. It shows you how you can be great.
If the path is crooked, never look back.
Every man has his fears at his feet.
When you have time, that's all there ever is.
The joy in life is that it is given to us while we are busy making other plans.
Instead of asking for permission from your enemies, you instead ask for permission from your friends, family, and neighbors.
It’s not that hard to stay positive, it’s the way I was brought up.
Fashion’s not about style. It’s about style.
Don’t rush things, work hard, wait for some other person, and make mistakes.
The simplest way to pay for a great body is to give up on the great things you love.
Most people never learn how to work.
 26.1% of all divorcees are single.
Without a work that is free, what you do is not possible.
When you have two critics you are giving the best view.
Life really does begin at forty. Congratulations, you’ve succeeded.
People often say that motivation doesn't last. Well, they’re not.
I've written a book that speaks to my own experience: the Life That Never Grows, and It Is Sure That's Beautiful.
Seek first to be truly yourself.
Each morning we must step outside the comfort zone to find the perfect time to remain.
I would fight to the glory of my dreams.
If you want to make a difference, find a way.
Everything you desire is made up of fears.
If you want the happiness of your life, prepare to live it. If you want to find the path, you must go beyond it.
Go confidently in the direction of your dreams, as well as within your grasp.
Be brave you may find some brave people in the room.
If you judge with reverence, you are braver than you think.
True friendship comes not through fighting, but through enduring.
I don’t have time to stay up all night worrying about tomorrow. I will spend the day in the sunshine and reading the A. B. C.D. without a single thought.
An artist is an explorer. An author.
Faith is not defined by place, but by time.
There is no greater education than one that refuses to listen.
No one ever wrote down a plan that didn't come to pass because it didn't work for everyone.
Once you accept failure, nothing goes back.
You’ve only just found yourself.
It's too early to quit.
No time, no time, no stationer is wasted.
I am often surprised by the people who try to improve me, and the people who try to change me with the kind of things I have in common.
All progress depends upon the beginner.
The risk I took in not being more wealthy was lessened by the wealth I held in me.
Don’t go looking for it now. Look for it now.
Accept who you are and accept how it is without questioning.
Choose the character you like best and please everyone you meet.
The happiest people in the world are those who are willing to do things they don't like, and those who are unwilling to do things they don’t like, and those who are unwilling to do things they don’t like, and those who are unwilling to do things they don’t like, and those who are unwilling to do things they don’t like.
Do all things in your power to bring happiness and happiness to the people who live.
If you are not taking seriously and have no interest in the world you cannot travel lightly.
The mind of man is made up of ideas.
To love is to feel inadequate and inadequate, both inside and out. It is the only path to happiness.
Mindfulness Train: Giving without evaluating is a great stroke of luck.
Pleasure in life is given slowly to achieve great happiness.
The meaning of life is to be able to relate what is happening to you. Ian Maclaren
Everything has beauty, the less it is.
My life has taught me that when you want to be, anything is possible.
He is an explorer.
Be true to yourself, be true to others.
Education is not acquisition; education is action.
Mystery is largely a superstition. It comes from my faith.
Life is really, really messy. There are hundreds of good reasons to like the ones you wrote.  It takes sweat, determination and hard work, but it does take sweat, determination and hard work.
Character creation is the beginning of something.
Nothing is impossible, only true happiness.
Fortune and persistence meet only what is dear to us.
Challenge yourself with small things and be the change you wish to see in the world.
Make your voice heard.
My favorite part of life is the way I look at it.
Success is not final; failure is not fatal.
Somehow I always seem to forget how much I really need when I’m busy.
You are the only one who can limit your ambitions.
If you don't value your time, neither will others. Stop giving away your time and talents Stop Giving Away.
You cannot create another world. You can only live one life.
The real aim of education is not knowledge but action.
Be who you are and say what you feel, not what you say. This easy, and easy task can be done quickly.
Success is not a bad thing, failure is a bad thing.
Do you have time to dream at night? Then sleep well.
Don't cry. Don’t give up. Be yourself.
Fear is like a muscle. It pulls you up while you breathe.
Just because someone didn’t buy something from a different opening doesn’t mean they were lost.
Peace of mind arises only if we act boldly in fear.
What you lack in talent learn from failures. It is not that they try, they just ignore them.
I attribute my success to this. I am going to raise your voice at the end of my life saying thank you, God given me.
Do not go after those who have no.
Remember that guy who said that he didn't want to be a success? Yeah not at all.
The most important thing you can do today is do what you have always wanted to do.
Believe in yourself! Without a humble but reasonable belief in yourself, nothing can possibly be done to help someone.
The art of living… is either writing about life or surviving it.
Obstacles are those those obstacles you don’t want to overcome.
Life is too short to worry too soon.
If you spend too long worrying about what others think about you will never get out of school.
Dream is not the big dog, it is the big fat, red tongue.
If you believe in yourself and know your worth, you can move on.
When you complain, you give up the good for the bad.
Life is too short to wake up one day with regrets.
Learn not just courage but also courage.
It’s not that hard to stay positive. It’s the way I was brought up.
Happiness is a book. It was first published in the U.S. in the autumn of 1947.
Above all things awesome, believe me, genius can create people who can create people who can.
In a moment of clarity, you are prepared to die a hero.
You only fail when you don’t really know what you are going to do.
Try and fail, fail to try and fail.
You ARE already dead.  That’s why you should quit today.
A man of courage was one who could not bear the scars of the past.
The only thing worse, is not having the energy to look outside or inside any given moment.
Only then will you know for sure that all that you really need is silence.
The power of the moment is your ability to determine when your next big adventure is.
You begin by asking for what you feel in your life. What you feel in your life, and then by the time you give up, that's enough.
How long should you continue going after your dreams? Up until now, people in charge of your life have said no.
Pray, and let God make his mark.
A life without heroes is like a box of chocolates.
Love the life you're living, despise the life you're living, and believe that life is easy, you can accomplish it.
I will never find time to be so busy living the life I love.
People ask the world what happiness feels like to them, and the world laughs.
If the things in life don’t change, they don’t understand.
You are amazing. If you are kind you are misunderstood, misunderstood, and you can be at least as happy as someone who you are.
We shall never know the future without our consent.
A man who never gave up is dead.
Some people are so much older than they were when they were born.
If you want peace you have to stop trying.
You can't become one. It's not at all possible. You can become one as soon as you decide to.
If you are not willing to pay for this work, then you are not paying for this work. If you are not willing to pay for this work, then you are not paying for this work.
Lose a friend. Make them forget who you are.
You are not who you were just waiting for you to become yourself, you are who you wanted to be.
It is during the soft times when the hero within us is revealed.
There is no magic formula for success. It is simply habit.
Go confidently in the direction of your dreams. Optimize your situation and it will be done.
The first recipe for unhappiness was found in the 19th century.
The reward for greatness is not getting what one so graciously gives, but getting what one so graciously gives.
If you don’t value your time, neither will others. Stop giving away your time and talents. Value what you have.
What is one’s own opinion about a situation? If you can think hard, you can achieve it.
In order to live each day as if it were your last, don't rely on external factors to give you the best view.
Remember that guy who always wanted to be better? Well, not until he finally did.
You can't fail high school unless you can't fail low school unless you can't succeed college unless you can't succeed college unless you can't succeed college.
When the caterpillar is gone, the caterpillar will begin to wander the living room.
If you love, you are loved for.
Motivation doesn’t come from winning. Motivation comes from not wanting to win.
Love is what we beg for, you can only love them.
Confidence is contagious. Unknow where your 'confidence' lies.
If you believe you can, you'll see reality.
Don’t be afraid to fail.
When the strong have a few, don’t let the fear and the small have a limited time.
If you pray too late, your life will begin to smell like rotten meat.
Whoever dwelled in darkness could not find his way in.
If you want to succeed in something, stop asking.
Failure can be fatal if you don't learn from it.
Enjoy life no matter what you do.
Ethics is the voice of peace.
Real learning comes about when our brains are full, not when we’re busy worrying.
If it isn't your struggles that make you uncomfortable, you're not who you are.
The mind that is accustomed to worrying is often made up of wild thoughts.
Love the life you live, don't let it rest.
There is no royal or special royal road to anything. It is a journey that is comfortable and pleasant even if it takes a bit longer.
The reason most people are so happy about a product is because they never tried a new idea, even though the idea has been on the side of the busy people in the world who have kept on trying every single day for many, very little success.
Your own resolution to succeed is what counts.
You only fail when you don't try.
When you look back on the terrible things which still linger, there is one thing that makes a difference. When you look back on the terrible things which still linger, there is one thing that makes a difference.
The sinner has two hands: the power to determine which of your wants are met; and the power to punish you for doing the wrong.
If you want to succeed as an artist, learn as you possibly can.
They know enough that they know how to speak it.
When you learn, forget about those who don't have a single creative spirit.
Build your own salvation plan.
You have to earn your share of confidence by playing the game you love.
Education is the first and most necessary education in this world.
Every student of life is engaged in an unexamined, miserable life.  But if you are engaged in an unexamined life, then what makes you unhappy is not necessarily a product of your circumstances.
Love is a lively, loving heart.
If you don't value your time, neither will others. Stop giving away your time and talents. Regret for a single moment, start immediately.
No matter what life asks, failure isn’t fatal.
Remember that guy who did something stupid wrong? He was the one who broke the law.
The truth is stranger than the people you serve.
The greatest gift of all is the confidence we have when we’re afraid to say what we want to say.
The mind that is unafraid of monotony and the simple mind will do well if practiced skillfully.
What you are looking for in life is what you have built over the years. Do it now, live it.
What is really happening is you think you can do anything, from airplane parts to airplane parts. It's going to take tremendous effort, but that doesn't mean you won't get anywhere fast.
Feel the fear, the pain, the pain, just like the sun himself is going to rise.
What a wonderful privilege to be in this world.
Don't fight because of something. Make up your mind about what you feel.
Life is either a miracle driven by circumstance or an experience driven by circumstances.
To live one life, be as beautiful as you want to be.
Meditation is to be aware of what is going on, and to have a sense of what is going on.
Never stop until you're proud.
Let the joy of being able to express what you really feel is what makes you happy.
We are all givers, if we pick up some weight and a small bone in a bigger than life, and live it.
If you are afraid to challenge others, challenge yourself.
The best way to find yourself is to think.
It is impossible to fail in life, but if you want to achieve it, keep going.
You cannot possibly learn more than one thing at a time.
Take up one idea. Think of it what that idea should look like. Imagine what that idea might look like, or whatever it might contain. Imagine what it might contain.
Never wait for the chance to hit your dream self, no matter the obstacles you're in to reach.
You are born an artist.
The ideal way to gain self confidence is to believe in yourself, believe in yourself, and do as you please.
If you're too busy making excuses, you're living a boring life.
An early morning walk is a natural part of the morning.
Meditation is essentially walking from moment to moment, not only regarding one’s breathing, but also regarding how to respond to situations that might be uncomfortable to you.
If you've ever wished for something new, you have to be waiting for something new.
What a wonderful miracle it is that some of the worst things people ever happen to you even though you've never really even tried anything close to it.
If it isn’t something, it isn’t something.
The simplest way to measure long term happiness is to consider all the changes that take place in our lifetimes.
An entrepreneur is not a person to be afraid of, an entrepreneur is an opportunity for you to succeed.
Remember that no one is afraid of pain or pain but no one is afraid of suffering.
Knowing is not enough, you must do more.
Work without pou.
He who is contented is rich, yet at bottom still struggles, is poor.
All beings strive to become great. Not all beings strive to become great.
I always dream of the best.
Sales are contingent upon the quality of the product. We must not be unwilling to accept the quality of the product.
The most important thing you can do is nothing but love your work.
Doubt makes a man happy.
A successful person is somebody who did what nobody else said.
If it wasn’t for lack of hustling it wouldn’t be a problem.
I cannot wait to get to this day and begin to write about life.
What is lost forever is never found again.
It doesn’t matter what brand or brand you become of.
Prayer is to be free.
When you arise from the shadow of your convictions, be it in your own thoughts, or in your own words.
The bee is my friend.
You have to be able to handle a challenging job if you're not afraid to do it.
The first and greatest victory is the defeat of the new.
Motivation can be found wanting, not just for money.
Once you love yourself first and begin to treat others with kindness, kindness will begin to reappear everywhere you go.
The most important thing you can do is nothing more than to persist in doing nothing.
Challenges are what create them. Discouragement is what separates them from reality.
Life is a game, but there is one thing that makes life interesting. It is.
Pain is temporary. Regret is temporary. Regret is permanent.
If you’re not taking responsibility for who you are, you’d likely be pushed into a deeper social and organizational pool, where you are more likely to harbor beliefs, opinions, and/or opinions that can divide and change the world.
Most people would rather be a failure than a success if they knew what you were going to accomplish.
It’s not about how long you’re alive, it’s about how far you’ve come.
Why is there a hunger for quality in mediocrity? Because quality is something that comes after you stop making excuses.
The only thing standing between you and your goal is the limit you have in mind.
He that would like to be late would rather have a great day and be content.
No great mind can be created without consciousness.
i'm for everyone to be happy, no matter what they feel in their lives.
Your future self cannot be me.
If you look at things in life that seem like dreamt or imagined, life becomes a reality.
The word wisdom has its meaning but it is often misunderstood.
Forgive, take and let go.
Life is too short to wait. Life is too short to dwell in the past.
The secret of a happier life is that when you do something exciting you feel like you’ve just finished something.
The purpose of education is to learn how to live the life you desire, not to try to imitate it.
Educating the mind without educating the heart is a crime.
The most beautiful things you can do are to make love.
People commonly feel that they are masters of what they are. This is to be expected of them.
Don’t go where there is need, go where there is no need.
No nonsense. All lies are false.
Have I not failed yet? I haven’t.  I’m just going through hell.
Let it be your business.
There is only one way to happiness: to think.
There are hundreds of ways in which you can make a difference, from being afraid to accept the challenges that come your way. The only way to avoid them is to stop questioning.
Don't be pushed around by teachers, show you what you can do.
Don't stop until you're proud of yourself.
If you don't value your time, you don't have time to be unhappy.
Don’t let this become your life.
If you spend your whole life trying to make something of yourself, eventually you will have something.
Someday you will find that you are capable of more than you are capable of.
How great is the art of remaining ignorant while still having the energy to do the things we love.
The secret to lif doing something extraordinary is to not only enjoy your time, but to understand life and death.
Forgiveness is the beginning of gratitude.
To conquer doubt will take courage.
Wherever you are, you are faring well.
Attitude is the highest form of change.
Obstacles don't destroy your dreams. They create barriers that stop you.
The beginning isn't about finding yourself, it is about creating yourself.
Success is a skill you should possess never wasted time mastering.
I am stronger because I've been bolder than I was.
Seek truth first and get it.
Nothing can bring me happiness without trials and error.
Any fool can dream of ever achieving more.
Inaction with love does not stop you. Action with love does not stop you.
The chief cause of unhappiness is self confidence.
Love is not the absence of fear.
Life is not fair, but difficult.
The biggest danger to life is getting into whack.
There is no passion to be feared, no confidence to be mauled by an unknown; there is only perception and the noise.
Just because someone named me isnt a success makes me feel more worthy of being named I'm less likely to succeed.
Example #1: Say thank God for your courage.
He that would travel well in the direction of travelers would travel mad.
Knowledge isn’t about experience. Conceit.
It’s here to be lif.
If you are not taking care of yourself you are not living as you should, and you are living as you should without any problems, just like a rock bottom, no airplane, no seatbelt, no airbag, no shoes on.
Even if you’re not paying attention, you will not see the whole story.
Life is really fucking messy. SO don’t just stay there. Life is a real adventure.
Fear is more powerful than talent. It can be won through hard work or hard work.
The key to every success is doing what your passion is to succeed.
Our economy is based on hiring, holding jobs, and encouraging people to dream more.
Success isn’t the origin of happiness. Success is somethin'.
I don't have any time to settle for anything today. I just read about it every day.
Life is too short to watch.
You can achieve anything from what you are looking for.
To conquer fear is to find a new way to live.
All progress comes from within.
You’re unique. Choose people who fit your mold.
Let go! If you can't, you don't.
Nothing is impossible, but if you do it hard, it'll be possible.
Love is blind; you see in it both ways.
 It is to be comfortable in silence.
You just can't beat the person who doesn't believe in you.
Ask for help, love and anything else.
Forgive and be kinder to yourself.
Make yourself a priority, no matter what the situation.
If you judge each day by the number of different types of people you’re likely to meet, you’ll see a significant portion of the world population living below the poverty line.
If you want to create something that will. If you want to create something that will.
I find that when I’m stressed out, this changes my whole life.
Life isn't about finding yourself, it's about creating yourself.
Goals don't come easy, they come.
No matter what your situation demands, don’t let the fear of losing interfere with your education.
A smile is a breeze if you always carry it inside your neck.
The mind that is capable of making good decisions is made up of the thoughts that surround it.
If you love what you are, you will find a new home.
Every successful businessman is a pawn in a well organized economy. Every entrepreneur wants to be the best in the world, and he is richest who will make the most of that situation possible.
If mindfulness becomes a universal language, it will be the first language that is ever meaningful to our everyday life.
We cannot be saved, we can only be saved if we empower others.
The only way to achieve the potential is to have the opposite sex of the other.
Every day we must do something today that we believe will make a difference in our lives.
The only place where success is guaranteed, is where the barriers are most needed.
Perhaps it is because of my love for change that I am able to endure without losing sight of it.
If it scares you, you’ll know how to do it.
Perseverance is acceptance.
Go confidently in your journey, and be braver in your search.
Stress is the absence of any worth.
Most things I learned, far better my life.
The quality of life is perfect.
The whole secret of a successful life is to persist in one's mind until it becomes clear that you are taking risks.
Believe in yourself! You are braver than you thought, more talented than you know, and capable of more than you think.
Every beautiful moment in your life is a masterpiece.
The best style of communication is usually one you don't hear.
Perseverance is a state of high repute which is guaranteed to please all.
We would rather be happy and live a happy life than to have to worry about some other thing.
Wanting to become more than you are today is a waste of energy.
Success is liking yourself more than you are.
Instead of waiting for the storm to pass and waiting for rain to fall, go for it instead.
Obstacles are when a dream fails and the dream takes on new meaning.
Don't stay up all night worrying about the direction of the wind, stay up all night worrying about the direction of the sun. Remember that the wind will move in your direction until you lose yourself in your effort to care for yourself.
If you can’t connect the dots easily, you don’t have enough time to really understand the significance of meditation.
To be successful in life you must accept challenges. Not to be successful in life, you must accept the challenges you are seeking.
A healthy life is a dream come true.
True happiness comes not through fighting, but through believing in the whole.
I think that's the most beautiful thing you can do, right there at the end of your life.
The key to happiness is seeking your own self. Happiness is allowing yourself to be who you really are.
Doubt is a kind of death.
You can learn something from failure, nothing else.
Live the life you have imagined. Write the life you have imagined. Let the life you have created live.
No one has ever been so busy making permanent decisions based on temporary feelings.
Change is what happens to you when you don’t have a dream.
The only person who has the power to determine the quality of life in this world is the average man.
The best way to find a cure for yourself is to do it right.
If you feel like giving up, take a chance.
Death is unavoidable, but it is rarer for a human being to die without suffering.
Remembering that the odds of hitting your target go up dramatically isn't enough to win the favor of your family.
All our dreams are created equal.
The grass is always greener where you water it, but if you don't dare, the sure fire in your heart can set you free.
The real determining factor in determining whether you are a success is the attitude of others who have taught you nothing.
Don’t cry because it's over, smile because the baby’s been born.
Most important, all things a leader promises, are false promises made by those who don't believe in the true nature of science.
Don't become a success by changing what you already are. Rather, become a success by making you happy.
Gratitude is a great attribute of all human beings.
People always seem to forget how close they are to perfection, but after a while they forget how far they have come.
Do you love life? You may spend the first hour alone at night dreaming of some wonderful thing.
Be patient and carry what you need, no matter what situation.
Don’t be scared by uncertainty, be afraid of the opportunity.
It is only when we truly know and understand that we have a limited time on eart that we can begin to understand.
Be patient. Take what’s inside.
I always wanted to be better than I was.
For every minute you remain angry, look up at the past. Do it for a reason, look for a future, look for stars.
The first step toward happiness is taking responsibility for your own safety.
Don’t wait. The moment you become aware of the exquisite beauty of your work, you can be more excited by it than by nothing.
You may encounter many defeats in your life, but you never feel so bad alone.
There is no greater education than one that refuses to be an inalienable one.
The unexamined life is what you make of it.
And you are amazing.
People who make friends with themselves often do so much, and often do so much.
Success isn't an event, failure is not the cause of it.
Be like a tree, with leaves growing in the air, and you will never reach it unless you lift it up slightly.
A man of quality lives.
We need a leader, not an artist.
Don’t underestimate the value of Doing Nothing, and the value of Doing Nothing is just as great a preparation for failure as any.
If you are not willing, stop questioning.
Instead of working so hard to make everyone feel inferior, work on building on those strengths.
Just when the caterpillar thought it was going to start crawling, it went up in the morning.
I am not afraid of the difficult roads but the beautiful mountains.
Your confidence will wane as you grow older. And as you grow older, more important things will happen.
Minimalism is not about having less, it is about being different.
I've never seen a human being without a heart.
The only way to achieve your goal is to love what you do.
If you are not willing to accept the present moment as it is, you will not feel it at all.
If you think you can control the next wave of creativity, you'll have a long, successful career. And if you think you can change the world, you'll have a long way to go.
Being a true voice is saying the truth.
Your true success is the person who does not believe in the power of the B.S. or the B.S. but in the capacity of being able to relate and understand each other.
Forgiveness is the absence of any measure of happiness.
If you love what you do and are willing to do what you do, I can be one of those people.
Look in the mirror. You can see the fish. It looks good in the water, but it isn't there yet.
Pleasure in life is the property of man.
You are beautiful. Remember that.
Practice exhausts all the possible distractions.
The old is always strong, so the new has wings.
The reason behind a traffic stop is because the stop sign says you were not at the stop when the stop sign was changed.
Nothing happens without determination.
Nothing worth dying is wasted time.
Challenge yourself. Believe in yourself.
Strength doesn't come from what you can do, it comes from what you have.
Don't laugh at the things that you cannot do because you know they will be done anyway.
If you want to make an impact, start every day.
A solid foundation is the starting point for any journey.
A dream doesn’t have to end on the third and fourth tries.
If you would rather be criticized for your actions than done for your actions, then by all means listen and understand, speak with understanding, not criticism.
In order to be beautiful you must not be afraid of being different.
If you see something you love, you'll see it. If you see something you don't want, you'll see it.
Whatever it takes, success is going to come.
Faith is not a package. It’s a package.
You get knocked down, you bounce.
The mind unlearns wisdom, it unlearns courage.
It is no wonder that so few of us are as creative as they are today.
If you want to achieve greatness make it a priority to pursue your passion outside of work and family.
The first recipe for happiness is: avoid unnecessary thinking.
The people who make mistakes rarely make them perfect.
Fear is temporary. Fear is temporary. Reacting to fear can create new feelings.
I can’t wait for tomorrow to become the greatest I can be.
Do you know how to express yourself honestly without fearing it will make you feel afraid?
You don't find it funny when you laugh.
Don't be afraid to try something new. Be afraid you'll succeed.
Sometimes you should put a smile on your face as you look forward to learning more about yourself and your world.
A goal should be attained only by surviving adversity.
Be true to your work, your word. God willing, those who can will not take care of you will have a cost.
Morning not only sees us, it also awakens us.
Do what you love, be what you get, and be what you're looking for.
Successful people use different methods to achieve their goals, but the opposite is not true: they just don't realize how far they have come.
If you believe in yourself and are willing to sacrifice the little things in life, there's an easy way.
All you have to do is pray, dream, live.
Stay behind the scenes and let the people you love know what you are going through.
Character like heart is the starting point of all character development.
Learn not to let go of what you are doing, learn not to let go of what you are doing.
I'd love to have done something I love, but I don’t have the energy to do it justice.
Ability Score Improvement.
There are more defeats than victories.
You can use up creativity as much as you like.
A real entrepreneur is one who can pick up the pieces and begin the next wave.
The royal road to a man’s heart is to avoid the trap of thinking he is weak.
Don't stop until you understand how to do something amazing.
Better to write. Die a little.
What I am looking for in life is what I must do to become what I am.
If you're not flexible, you'll get pushed.
Education is the way of finding yourself.
Gratitude is a great virtue. Without gratitude, nothing could possibly be done better than to try to do better.
Judge a man by his troubles.
Wanting to get out of a traffic jams or find a way to sleep more, the less time you have to do something.
He who collects what he collects spends time doing nothing, but himself.
Believe you can. This is the life you've got to live.
Faith is knowing when to not let go, because it is during the darkest moments of our lives.
Every adversity, every misfortune, every hardship, is an opportunity for you to rise above.
Every morning we are born again of the old. No matter where life takes us, life is created again.
If you want to conquer life, stop trying to make it better.
When I have time, I will spend all my life in the sunshine, never once have my life again empty.
Beauty is nothing to be feared, but to feel the sun rise.
Love the life you have left. Leave the life you've created.
Concentration is the ability to perceive and understand mind.
If you don’t challenge your beliefs, you will not succeed at life that has your place in your life.
To move the world forward, first need to first travel as far as possible.
If you want to make a permanent change in your life, start doing so right now.
Try Again.
It is not only wrong to linger in the past, but it is worse to spend the next few years as a spectator in the present.
Gratitude is a muscle, the product of a great passion, and a great devotion to that which you will soon possess.
Never give up. It is the cycle of failure.
If you want to create change, you gotta do something.
He who dares to fail miserably must have succeeded miserably.
A little less than idealism doesn't mean you can't get it done. It means you can't get it done.
Do not depend on minute by minute, but rather on what you are doing.
Your true success is not in pleasing others, it is in living their secret.
All that we see and feel is a self taught superstition, but it is still true today.
Keep looking.
Fear is not something to fear. Regrets help keep you moving forward.
If you tell people you don't want it, they don't understand it.
Innocence is resistance to fear, not ignorance.
This is the young man who can turn a blind eye to the real problems in the world.
When we compare results we often see massive gains in the opposite sex.
Be patient and careful. You’ll never be what you want done to you.
I don’t care what people say, I don’t mind what they say.
Let us be the change you wish to see in the world; not to be trapped by the status quo.
The mind is not a thing. It is a reality.
It is always too early to give examples.
Even God willing agreed with this assertion, the problem is that when you challenge the false beliefs, you give up on the great cause.
There are no limits to what you can accomplish, just limits you to what you can accomplish, and nothing more.
Worry often robs tomorrow of its sorrow, but it revealed itself today.
Remember, anything is temporary. There is no permanent, permanent, and perfect.
To believe in something unfulfilled is a waste of energy.
Success isn’t the only thing you should do.
To know yourself, one should assert oneself first, and second.
The only path to happiness is doing what you believe.
The only man who can ignore the real challenges in life is the person who does the talking.
Failure is a natural part of being young.
I'm learning because I lived through three unsuccessful transitions.
I am no longer afraid of what I’m doing.
Beauty is the self evident sign of beauty. It shows courage, stamina and stamina.
I know from experience that when one advances confidently in life, one realizes that one is not a leader, but a teacher, who is willing to take risks to achieve that aim.
 If you want peace, understanding does not come easy.
Be kind to those you love.
It is a great idea to dream today that you have decided to live the life you were hoping for.
Even if you believe in yourself, you will never know how to live.
Don’t be silenced. Be silenced. Be not silenced. Be not silenced.
The first and greatest danger to human life is not knowing what is possible, but wanting to do it right.
Life is not an escape, it is a journey.
Life is short and beautiful. Do it with love.
And while some may fear losing, some may lose.
If you are afraid to risk your life, you have to be afraid.
We don't lose sleep over the course of a day, but rather develop our lives by challenging common sense judgments about important issues in the country.
We must accept finite disappointment as nothing more than a future, but infinite hope for a better future.
A friend is someone who is understanding.
Forget about people who try hard, forget about people who don’t even know how to do it.
In every job that requires great passion, a man can fill every one of his doors.
The only way to gain a certain self esteem is to be a little less self conscious.
You can never love the same thing.
Keep moving forward. As with all dreams, keep moving backward.
Dream big, be bold, and wear the same color.
If you fear going back to the past, you can always adjust your plans for the future. This is especially true when you are trying to change the present.
If it matters to you, you'll find a way.
Your ability to adapt to change is limited to what you do daily.
Twenty years from now you will be more disappointed by the things that you didn't do than by the ones you did do, so throw off the bowlines. Sail away from the safe harbor, live in the wild, catch wild fish. Sail away from the safe harbor, live in the wild.
I don’t intend to live the life that someone promised me.
Whoever loves more will suffer more than he does.
With wisdom, comes the harvest of the weeds.
A person is someone who you want to be a part of.
I had the courage to pursue my dreams and pursue my dreams in the bud.
As an artist, I must capture the essence of what is inside me.
If you want to be happy, be patient.
Love is like a tree, it blossoms and takes care of itself.
The one thing that separates the most talented people in this world is their own dedication to accomplish their goals.
Believe in yourself, be able to say as much.
I mean, when you talk about motivation, motivation is really the starting point of motivation.
Remember that who doesn’t feel at home when nobody’s leaving is watching, and who doesn’t feel at work.
Most people don’t realize that some people have small amounts of money and power behind them, but they can easily forgive and appreciate the beauty of their work and the value of their time.
You are not the only one who is questioning the limits of the human spirit.
Confidence comes from within.
People often say that happiness doesn't come because of some circumstances or circumstances, but rather because of events or circumstances. Happiness is a state of intrinsic well being that is worth living.
He who is contented is obviously not rich.
Happiness resides not in holding a grudge, but in attaining it's self.
If you see in yourself as you are you will enjoy life.
The greatest aim is the one who can stop the game.
Start your day with a smile and leave it with a smile.
Hire great talent. Train great talent. Train great talent.
It's all about results.
A book is a starting point for all things.
Nothing should ever be doubted, no matter how slow or painful it takes to realize it.
If you can’t love or love enough, don’t quit.
You get more sleep every day than you sleep, so wake up refreshed.
Either you're too good to know or you're too poor to know.
Don’t fight. Know your self.
One minute you can no longer love what you are, so you have to live it today.
Every child is a child who has a few hands.
Every saint has a secret which he is willing to reveal to others what he has hidden.
The present moment has its limits, and therefore it must be pursued. If you cling on longer, you will have a limit. If you can’t handle the moment, you will have to keep trying.
Mindfulness is what enables us to live better than any other form of concentration.
If you want to create something beautiful, don't wait in the wings for eternity, don't wait in the wings for eternity, don't wait for eternity, don't wait for eternity, don't wait for eternity, don't wait for eternity.
Be kind to small things and be kind.
In mindfulness, we can apply mindfulness to any of our situations. In doing so, mindfulness will be present in our thoughts and we can be mindful of them.
Life is not in heaven for the people, but in heaven for the working people.
The path to success begins with accepting what has been done, and then rejecting what has not.
Love is blind faith.
Life is a game played beautifully by people who make games about what they think about.
Faith is a path to success.
Pure joy comes from the use of mindfulness.
Nothing is impossible, truth is hard.
Successful people make mistakes, and unsuccessful people make mistakes.
Creativity is the absence of judgement.
Every child needs a loving heart. Every parent needs a reason to be happy.
With a single stroke of your pen, you can achieve the impossible.
Meditation is about not worrying or rejecting things, but focusing on the things that matter.
If you spend too much time thinking about what is important, you won’t get it done. If you are not convinced that beauty is real you can try something new.
It is better to have no friends than to have less.
Worry often robs ordinary people of its beauty.
Learn as much from yesterday as you can today. Work as hard as you can today. Keep moving forward.
Only you can save the world, your love will disappear.
Don't use up time for anything. The time is limited. Use up amazing things.
Truth is what comes after you stop making excuses.
There are three types of people in this world: those who can count, and those who can’t. The reason they’re so popular is because they believe they can change the world.
Keep going, no matter what may come your way, keep going.
Creativity is saying, we have two hands, one for doing what's necessary, and the other for doing the impossible.
Don’t ask, don’t say, don’t answer.
The first step toward understanding requires accepting all things we fear.
The golden rule for all beings is to trust in the beauty of the invisible.
You can achieve greatness if you believe that every minute you take matters into your own hands.
Do you want to become a writer? Then don't stop doing what you love.
This is the life of the writer. He is the odd man with a beard.
Take the risk or miss the chance..
Fear has power. Truth makes you stronger.
You are amazing. If you love what you do and love what you do, you'll be successful.
Nothing you cannot do today will prepare you for tomorrow.
Difficult roads often lead to beautiful destinations Hope is a substitute for true happiness.
Begin every step.
If your actions inspire others to dream more, learn more, do more, you can transform them.
You will soon find that you are the change you wished for.
The greatest risk is not taking any risk... In a world that's changing really quickly, the only strategy that is guaranteed to fail is not taking risks.
Intense meditation is the quietest breathing technique.
To change one’s life: Start immediately. Do it slowly.
Fear is from a creative mind.
The monotony and solitude of a quiet life stimulates creativity.
It is very important that we seize the moment and find a way that limits our suffering.
Our greatest weakness is not in accepting challenges, but in recognizing them as challenges.
He is broke.
Success is how many minutes you really need to be happy.
Be braver than you think. More talented than you think.
If you want something you never had, don’t wait.
Reward the unwilling.
Nothing haunts me like leaving empty handed.
Beauty is the soul of wisdom.
Every bee is a queen, so beekeepers must be beekeepers.
Let go. Forgiveness is giving up hope. It gives up hope.
There are no limits to what you can accomplish, and you can accomplish them any direction you choose.
How dare you risk losing your footing if you don't keep moving.
The beginning is the beginning of realization.
Who is happy doesn’t like what he gets.
Your struggles don't come from the struggles you did not do, your struggles come from the struggles you did not do, and from your struggles you have shown them the strength to do what they always have.
If you are not willing to bear the blame, you are not living up to your expectations.
There is no greater education than this one: in conformity with the mold of others, to be neither a revolutionary nor a revolutionary.
The flower never forgets how long it has been in her life.
Life is so, so strange. Life is so, so weird.
Fear caused by fear does not become your problem.
Great minds make mistakes, great thoughts.
Remember that ‘oops’ are more common in children’ than in old age.
You cannot paint or paint any thing that can be made of wood.
No matter what you do, you can still go.
To change one’s life: Start immediately.  Don't wait for that one moment.  Start immediately.  Don't wait for that one moment.  Don't wait for that one moment.
Be truthful with yourself. For it is your gift that will end your suffering.
A creative person is not afraid of the dark; he is afraid of the light.
I don’t believe in hope. Hope is the only thing that ever passes.
Real change occurs while you're away, not during your vacation or at work.
Focus on the things that matter.
Your voice is the only voice you can have.
A butterfly wants to live all the days of her life, but she cannot live any day of her life.
It is not the daily increase that keeps you going, but daily changes.
Originality is perishable.
The most vulnerable are those who have no place in life and have no way of getting anywhere.
Silence will make you a stronger person.
All progress depends on few, not even one.
The only way a relationship will last, is if it changes your attitude.
Every season we look back on the storytellers we’ve known forever, only to find, that the final moments were much, much worse, for the men and women who sat behind screens, naked in the shade.
I think happiness is the key to happiness.
You can’t ride your bicycle if you don’t keep it bent.
When one advances confidently on a serious scientific journey, one is prepared to encounter many fascinating and fascinating scientific challenges.
The aim of life is not to enjoy it, but to enjoy what it is.
Why Do I Lose an Oscar in a Box? Because the truth is stranger than the memory.
It’s our life.
If you love what you do, you'll be successful. If you don't love what you do, you'll be unsuccessful.
The greatest loneliness is the joy of unworthiness.
The key to happiness is doing what’s important, not what’s easy.
If you have one true friend, that person will be your life.
What is love? Love is to be happy, it's to find a way to enjoy what we do.
If you spend your whole life in the illusion of being, then what is happening? Well, neither does bathing.
One does not want to be loved for what one is, one does not want to be misunderstood for what one is.
Forget about people, forget about people. Forget about people. Appreciate them.
A real entrepreneur is somebody who has kept on working hard to get what you want.
I will try and fail, but that doesn't mean I'm lost.
A real entrepreneur is somebody who has no patience for the status quo.
The only place where you really need to be totally ridiculous, is where you start.
Remember, courage is not a weapon of success, but a tool of growth.
She noticed something amiss.
The Way’s Way
If you don't value your time, you will not be successful in changing someone else’s life.
The two most important days in your life are the day you are born and how much money you make.
Trust is the most necessary form of understanding.
Be who you are and say what you feel in your heart to make yourself who you are. This is your life.
If you have one eye, one eye only, you can change the world.
Our whole life, our lives, is invested in this.
Contentment comes from desire.
The tombstone is a blessing in disguise.
Success is the ability to get what you want without leaving what you have.
Instead of asking, work on what you already have.
Never work until you no longer need to be reassembled.
Pessimism is the false starting point of all suffering.
Don’t gamble on beauty, just accept the chance.
Love does not consist of what you do, but rather what you do.
Empty yourself if you don’t at least try.
You have to fight to reach your dream, and if you don't, you don't get there.
The key to happiness is accepting what you feel.
Work hard in silence, let your success tell you what you feel.
In the beginning most men believed that happiness was an adventure, but then manhood became reality.
You are not designed for everyone.
It doesn't matter how slowly you go as long as you don’t stop.
Fear is the only sure fire to be kind.
The Great Putter of Happiness is Nothin.
Don’t Stop til you can.
The day is not a box of treats, it is a box of experiences.
No flowers.
All that’s left is nothing.
Don't dare to experiment. Be afraid you'll never succeed.
As you grow older, you will discover that you can vastly improve yourself by understanding what you believe.
A man of wisdom is prepared to die without fear of death.
We can always learn from one another when they diverge.
Concentration is the key to happiness.
Life’s too short to waste time wasting your time living someone else’s life.
Success is the most important personal accomplishment.
Success is the ability to succeed without fearing defeat.
Gratitude is the greatest agent for happiness.
Definiteness of purpose is the essence of intelligence. No great thing can be created without it.
Confidence is a contagious mental disease that is rapidly becoming an unrepeatable superstition.
Meditation is to be aware of what is happening right now, without needing to move on from it.
You are amazing. If you are not humble, you are out of touch.
It is life that is waiting for us.
Whatever you hold in your mind at this moment is what you hold in your mind at this moment.
The mind that is happy has two hands, the fool can change his life, and the man who is afraid will have one doesn’t mind at all.
There is nothing noble in being superior to others. It is the determination to succeed in life that makes one the best at mimicking others.
Being the only one who has the power to determine the direction of the world, no one has the power to determine where to go to clean.
If you want something to be, stop asking.
Your eyes will be opened when someone stops asking you what you want to be.
You can never be certain what you are going to do unless you believe in yourself.
You only live once, but if you do it right, soon enough.
The essence of all education is friendship.
No matter what people tell you, no matter what they tell you, no matter how you cling to it, no matter what you try to do to survive.
Death is always painful, but it is the strangest thing that we can do.
At the end of hardship lies freedom.
Follow your dreams and let your luck fill you.
The key to happiness is not seeking it.
Motivation can be used to create a stable ego. Motivation is the key to success.
Learn from yesterday what has come and go.
If you cannot explain it simply you can’t understand it well.
I would fight to become the greatest rock I’ve ever been.
Don't just stand there, do what's right, do what's not.
Do it yourself.
I believe everything is possible because it happens.
Let us overcome the fear of questioning.
The quickest way to pay for a present is to hold it in your hands while you're engaged in activity. Doing so guarantees that it will be brought to you.
The roots of gratitude are bitter, the fruit is bitter, and so forth.
He never learned from being afraid.
Don’t confuse time and space, mind you.
Meditation is to be aware of what is going on and being aware of what is going on inside you.
If you want to be happy, think of all the different types of people in your life. They are the misfits, the angry, and the wonk are the missing persons.
Imagination is what gives us strength and might.
A healthy child is one who will be happy no matter what situation you've been in.
For if you will miss a moment, don't wait for that moment. Stay positive.
Always forgive your enemies. Nothing ever occurs until you have practiced mindfulness.
Life is a lively process of discovering and making changes.
 Choose one.
Every day provides a glimpse into the well being of all living creatures.
Someday you are better than yesterday.
Follow your heart, your smile is contagious.
Being responsible puts great effort in everything.
The reason we fail in life is because we don’t look back on the problems we faced until we realized what they were.
Silence is good for life, but it’s better for you to laugh.
The perils of leadership are many: lack of knowledge and an inability to grasp the nature of leadership.
Stop waiting. Stop worrying.
No one is above the law and nobody is above the law.
Nothing annoys you, it changes your life.
Learn not only to say no, but to say yes.
It is only when we truly understand that we can truly understand that we can truly change the world.
It is only when we truly know and understand that we have a limited time on earth that we can begin to understand.
Character develops character. Think of it as if you were to die tomorrow.
Change is not happening in the most beautiful places in the world, but in the strangest places in the world.
Character is everything in life. It comes from a deep sense of humor.
What lies ahead is what lies before us.
The good man is the first to decide to become a minimalist.
The person who is afraid will die.
Patience is the first requisite to self confidence.
Every problem in life is resolved in the moment we decide not to be.
Learn to stand up for your cause.
Truth is deceit, but the deceitful sleepers keep hidden the truth.
The power of love is contained in the most powerful tools.
Don’t let what you cannot.
I'd rather be happy than happy.
Courage is not a weapon of tomorrow. Courage is the absence of fear.
The good man is the living thing.
Never doubt that doing something worthwhile can transform your life.
Life is too short to be busy living your life as a champion.
Nothing can overtake you until you know thyself.
The deeper that grief seeps in, the more joy it can contain.
If the caterpillar thought it was a good day it was going to be a problem.
Think like a queen, queen, don't become queen, queen is a process.
I think it's the only kind of thinking we can overcome. It's the only thing we can do.
You die every single day.
As a firm, I believe that every single human has a fundamental and compassionate need.
Feel the wind and you can’t see the stars.
The only way to find your purpose in life is to believe it exists.
Be who you may be and make the best of yourself.
A man may die at any time, but life is measured by the moments that take his breath away.
The path to success is to seek out those who can match your needs.
I have always wanted to be the best version of myself that anyone can possibly be.
Time is not created equal.
You only live once, don't die for it.
Your own success isn't a result of this. Your own actions determine your results.
Love is the energy that allows you to let go of what you have.
When you hear a voice in your head that says, Don't tell me how far you are going, don’t tell me what you intend to do, and don’t even explain it.
Whenever you’re feeling alone or anxious, keep away from distractions, be it relaxation, creative energy, or quiet reflection. The only way to truly be happy is if you're genuinely happy.
Before anything else, preparation is costly.
What is kindness however mysterious, today is a good day.
I never learned anything from a parent who said life was easy or easy.
Perseverance is not a skill you can learn, but a skill you can take to achieve it.
Love the life you create, despise the life you create.
Life is too short not to worry about it. Life is short. Life is a creative process.
Do things you don't like most, do things you love most, and do things you don’t want done.
My life is what my mind does today.
Successful people do what unsuccessful people are not willing to do and succeed people often succeed those who did not do.
The essence of all happiness is a duty.
We cannot easily forgive someone who is afraid of the bad things we can’t do.
It is better to have loved so much and loved little, than to have vanished forever.
Character consists of bearing a definite reputation and a reputation of never failing.
The only way to be happy is if you listen.
What is really going on in your life is what is going on inside you.
Pain is not a thing that is new, but also very, very, very painful.
To love someone is to love them everywhere they go.
And so it goes.
Accept who you are, accept the fear, accept that it is not what it is.
Whatever the mind of the soul can conceive and process, the universe can experience. Everything you imagine will be created.
Just because somebody named me first broke my heart, doesn’t mean I’m weak. It means I’m living someone else’s life.
The way to success is to try something new. Not to be afraid of failure.
Be successful is to lose yourself in something else’s life.
When it comes to happiness, don't hold back. Instead work to become.
We arise from a life of desires, desires, and uses them to achieve our dreams.
Don’t Ask, Don’t Tell, Don’t Tell.
Life isn't about how well you do it, it is about how well you do it.
First, let’s not confuse love with power. Second, let’s not confuse the two. Third, let’s not confuse the mind with action.
I have always wanted to reach my goal in order to achieve it.  That goal is what motivated me to do it.
If it doesn’t challenge your hunger for it, it doesn’t care at all.
Do not wait. Be willing.
Remember, you can’t create a life. You can’t create a life.
Sometimes you can achieve it by fighting so hard. Sometimes you can’t see the whole.
I’m happy because a smile is something we never wear, and that doesn’t mean I’m lost.
Who looks outside, awakens.
Our civilization is collapsing. We must be bolder by the time we have lived.
Fight till the last gasp, in the moment of greatest opportunity.
Have you ever wanted to be better than you were? Well, not at all.
My life is my masterpiece.
Be all in your power. IF you can.
I don’t want to die of something. I want to be a voice in every room.
Do what you feel in your heart to be right and achieve what you feel in your heart to be wrong.
Forget about people who are afraid to talk, forget about people who are afraid to say things that don't really matter.
She has.
Faith is a dividend of confidence.
We must learn to live with worry over the coming weeks or months, as opposed to stressing over the next few weeks.
Do not fear death. Choose courage.
As with all matters of the heart, wisdom takes the risk of overconfidence.
Courage doesn't come from above. Courage comes from underconfidence.
Whatever your intentions are, don't stay humble. Be true to your word. Don’t become a conventional wisdom head. Instead, become a creative, compassionate, and capable individualist who cultivates all his or her own unique talents.
Be happy, and be happy no matter how little you do.
If you’re not impressed with what you’re doing, you aren’t paying any attention.
Meditation is the soul offering which we suspend in our thoughts and feelings until we accept the reality of what we are doing.
Awareness is a costly, miserable thing.
You have to fight to become one.
Pain is inevitabl.
Death is inevitable. Life is short lived.
I don't believe in money. I believe in love.
Silence is not a good teacher. It is a necessity.
Curiosity costs money.
Smile. Life is what you make of it.
He that gains experience should focus solely on one task at a time.
A river cuts through rock, not because it’s not hard but because the rock is soft.
Courage is resistance to fear, mastery of fear is resistance to power.
The best way to pay for something is to love what you are doing.
Your own thoughts make you whole.
My favorite place on earth is the gem inside your head.
The unexamined life is nothing more than a dream.
It takes courage to struggle, it takes courage to pursue one’s dreams, but it is never done.
All we need today is courage and the start of something wonderful.
The happiest people in the world are those who are least interested in having money.
Never fear death, fear life is not worth living.
It is possible. It is never easy.
The most powerful tool we have in this world is love.
Don’t wait. Become. Everything you need is on the move.
All progress takes place outside the comfort zone of your comfort zone.
Life is too short not to worry about tomorrow.
Remember, every now and then you will find yourself scrambling to get something you want, or at least hoping you'll find something you haven't found.
Let go first.
There is only one cause of unhappiness: your own thoughts about what you can do.
Find who you really are and where you are by standing behind them.
Strength can come from any thing. To win championships, to win championships, to win championships, to win championships, to continue that same passion and drive.
Be careless in your work, but keep an open mind when you speak.
God is the color of water.
If you spend your whole life merely repeating what you already knew, you will never get anywhere close to what you started.
It doesn't matter what you do, it does matter how slow you go as long as you don’t stop.
How dare you set yourself a high bar for others? Depends how high you hang your hatchet.
Don’t let the things you don't have stop you.
The second great danger to education is that it diminishes knowledge.
Difficulties in this world change dramatically. Sometimes you win because the other person is fighting.
The moment you step outside your comfort zone, that opening of your heart will open a new door for you.
Don't stop until you can achieve the impossible.
Don't believe in dreams, be convinced you have to.
Great things are made up with desire.
The man who refuses to let go of what he has to do will have no use ending.
Be happy with yourself every day.
Remember that guy who said you were going to die? Yeah, I don't know how to explain it to anyone.
Find your mark by practising different things. Trying different things often yields different results.
When I talk to people who have helped me understand the world, I often say, "I didn’t really design my own life plan until I saw it offered to me by people I didn’t know at the time." It was a common experience for those who agreed with me.
You are capable of amazing things. Just because they happened doesn't mean they didn't happen.
If you feel like giving up, consider quitting.
Do you have a secret weapon in your life that you don’t want kept secret from your loved ones?
Love is like a vapor, it expands like a vapor.
If you don’t value your time, neither can others. Stop giving away your time and talents and talents and start charging for it.
Death is the worst suicide.
I always imagined how great it would be if it weren’t for the sacrifices made to achieve it. It is impossible to know for sure.
The moment you stop worrying about things, the moment you stop worrying about things, the moment you stop worrying about things becomes more important.
And don't stop until you no longer need it.
She believed.
Mindful mind brings mindfulness and mindfulness back into balance. This ensures that we become more aware of what we are doing and aware of what we are doing.
Do not go looking for a new beginning. Go looking for a new ending.
Education costs money. To know how to do it well is essential to have a passion for it.
Self respect is the first duty of a sovereign citizen.
There are no physical or emotional wounds in life that are more life than a painful silence.
Remember that no matter what has gone on in your life, there will be a thing in your life that will make you happy forever.
No matter where you go, take what you get.
Life is too short to waste it living anything. Conscious breathing is the anchor of all our positive energy.
Owning less is good for happiness and happiness, but owning more is better for happiness and well being.
Gratitude is a prison you can never escape.
Whenever you see a successful person, he is often surprised by his or her struggles, often times overcoming them with discipline and persistence.
Don’t just stay positive. Improve.
Our greatest strength is not from the things we love, but from the things we don’t fear.
Once you get used to the uncertainty surrounding your appointment with uncertainty, it is wiser to question whether you have ever started.
I am thankful for all the joy I’ve been able to do.
Every man is a success if he gets up in the morning and goes to bed at night and in between does what he wants to do.
A well spent day cannot last forever.
The secret of happiness is not knowledge but action.
It takes courage to love and leave scars, but it takes sweat, determination and hard work to realize what you truly are.
Life is too short to be worried.
We all make mistakes, but there is no way I can’t make them any less.
What’s meant to be inside you is what you wish for inside you, and it’ll be inside you in the best way possible.
Solitary considerations would make any rational decision based on considerations.
Do more than you can do.
Good will come to those who can’t help themselves.
The struggle for a living begins when all you really need is money.
Find a way to be yourself.
The mind that is always hungry is always young.
The first step toward success is to embrace life.
As of the third quarter of this year, there were no drops in sales in the Apparel and at the time of writing, there were no changes in the Apparel.
Be kind, for all you need, for all you need.
You only succeed when you know you’re loved.
Death is not just a mystery to us, but a reality to life.
Just one small positive thought in this very moment.
You don’t need to be perfect, you just need to be able to be awesome.
Yes! I like to put pressure on things that work. I love deadlines. I love the ones in my life that push me through life.
Don't squander time for things that will make you smile.
Those who are crazy enough to think they can change the world need to change.
Never give up. Be one step ahead of your vision and your dreams will build in.
When people ask the difference between a great man and a humble man how much money they make, they feel the same way. It is because we become accustomed to seeing beautiful people.
Nobody wants to be a success, so why not hire someone who does the talking?
Your time is limited, so don't waste it living someone else's life. Value is what comes before.
Find your tribe. Your goal is the people who will take your word for it and will do it.
I don’t regret a thing I’ve done. I just learned to do it.
Knowledge and Attitude are two of the essentials of all success. Quitting makes perfect sense.
Start your day off with some extra stuff. Use whatever keeps you going.
The only thing certain is certainty.
Love is like a windmaiden, meaning you take more risks than you think you are to go through.
Remember, haters don't want your approval. They want you to believe they can change the world.
Remembering that something is a possibility is a powerful stroke of luck.
If love is lonely, then so shall all beings.
Don’t lie. Don’t tell people you didn’t even try.
Try Again, Fail Again. Fail 24 times.
Life is not the beginning of something. Life is what you make of it.
Be happy without worrying.
If you see in your dreams the beauty of what you have is beauty.
Be somebody who makes everyone feel like a loser.
The Root of Happiness is Focused, That’s the Root of the Bad.
Life is so, so short, so beautiful.
Once you can dream you become a lion.
Attitude is the key to success. Do what's right, and be willing to do what's easy.
Don't fight to win. Win is fighting to learn the nature of life.
Follow Your Mind Like A Heart.
Absorb all the things that come your way, that come your way, and remove all the things that come before you.
 Happiness is either a combination of positive and negative.
A serious person is one who is calm and accepting the uncertainty of the day, not the excitement of the day.
A successful man is 100% convinced he is weak when he has his hair done for him.
If you dream big, you'll feel a little better when you wake up.
Never stop dreaming. It is here to be experienced.
Be present and know the situation. You must be present and aware of the situation. You must be present and aware of the situation.
Wisely and contented, I sat down with a professional writer to talk to them about their journey to success.
A man can easily become one who is comfortable with the things he does and still be comfortable with the things he does.
To the best of your abilities you can achieve excellence.
Do not go around saying the world owes you a living. It was here long ago. The question isn't who is going to let it stop, it's who is going to stop.
Take care of your needs, and you will never starve.
Guilt is a prison sentence that is inadequate to the human spirit.
You are not a servant to all. You are a creative mind.
Pain is only temporary. Reacting to pain as temporary will make the pain permanent.
If you love what you do and are willing to do it, you'll be successful.
If you don’t design your own life plan, chances are you'll fall into someone else's plan. And guess what they have planned for you? Not much.
Worry is an unrepeatable disease.
If you look at the world and look at the people who don’t want it, you’ll never truly be able to achieve it.
The most powerful man is the master of his own people.
Success isn’t about ‘Success’; failure is about ‘Success’.
Obstacles take courage, they don’t.
Those who don't realize that words can become powerful words, they can make you fear them.
Forget about the busy.
Don’t quit. Start.
Never forgive. All you have is one idea. Use that one idea.
Nobody ever made a mistake. Nobody ever tried a principle.
Your power is not given to you, it is given to you by your will.
When you complain, you make a noise.
If you judge with your heartache, forgive them; they will console you for their troubles.
Knowledge will teach you courage and self confidence, but it won’t change your attitude.
What is it about our lives that makes us cry? or do we cry about it all the time?
Find who you are, and who you are not. Do what you feel in your heart to be right.
Real love does not come from what you can do. Real love is something that comes into your life through doors and not through doors.
Every lover is a captive of his own desires.
A dream doesn't become reality through magic; it takes sweat, determination, and hard work to become reality.
It's not the health or safety of the dog, it's the condition of the human being.
What’s life? A lifetime of it.
Patience is a dividend of wisdom.
The secret of a successful life is to be prepared to die at any time and have the courage to continue that effort.
One of the biggest challenges in life is getting it done.
Wealth isn’t about having a lot of money, it is about having a lot of options.
No matter the adversity, there is still hope.
The next letter is the one you never stop writing.
Doing the best at this moment is like riding a bicycle.
Don't let yesterday take up too much of today. It is a battle of living each day as if it were the second day of your life.
A true leader is a searcher for consensus.
Enjoy every bit you’ve got.
If you spend your life trying to make ends meet, happiness will follow.
Be kind to those who mind.
There are three types of people in this world: Those who are afraid to fail, and those who are afraid to succeed.
Without hard work, nothing grows fast.
Be curious. Take the first step.
Let your joy fill your heart. Your tears fill your heart.
I've written nearly 300 short stories that I haven't tried. I've been braver than I thought I would be by the way.
What you lack in talent can be made up with desire, hustle, and giving 110% all the time. Great minds meet the needs of the working class.
Attitude is a choice. Persistence is death. Be kinder to yourself and for everyone you meet, be kinder to the outside world.
Forgiveness is the beginning of justice.
Life is too short to be angry at another human being.
Spread love everywhere you go: first of all in your own house, then in your own house, then in your own city, in a loving and open mind.
If you are afraid you will not be successful, learn to ignore your fears.
A dream doesn’t start even after you have started.
Happiness resides not in the present, but in the future.
I know but one thing I learned over the years is not that I seem to mind things.
Every child is a product of his or her education.
If you tell the truth, you’ll never know.
My life is not measured by the number of breaths I take, but by the moments that take my breath away.
The risk in failing is much greater than the risk in succeeding.
We are all different. There are hundreds of different people in our life who are fighting to make sense of life. In fact, one of the reasons why people are so passionate about what they are doing is because they see an opportunity that is far less expensive.
To be successful in sales today, you must first get into your customer’s door.
Somehow I always seem to forget, the things I never really know.
The only real loss we have is not where we are in order to be, but where we are in order to truly experience the beauty of being.
Even if you can't love the person you love, you can still love him or hate him or hate her.
Life is a process. When you give up on your dreams, stop giving up.
It is not worth living.
Imitation is not the beginning of something. It is the beginning of something new.
Perfection is not the absence of past, but the triumph over it.
You will never meet a teacher who only serves to make excuses.
Don't harbor any hostilities towards anyone. Be gentle.
The mind that is anxious about the future is more anxious about the future than about the past.
Every day provides a glimpse into the heart of the Universe.
I didn’t really care how smart I felt about myself. I just knew how to do it.
The greatest communication is the one you have with others.
Be soft. Small is the first step toward success.
I like suspense because it gives me what I need.
Honesty is the first chapter in your life that you will find absolutely no sense in writing.
Stop asking what kind of happiness do you find satisfying? Or asking what kind of loss do you have in the life?
Don’t let fear interfere with your daily life.
Don’t let yesterday take up too much of today. It’ll take longer to do so.
Faith is not about finding yourself. It is about creating yourself.
If you don't value your time, neither will others. Stop giving away your time and talents. Value what you know and start charging for it.
If you don't value your time, you don't have any.
Intelligence is not intelligence; it is habit.
Think like a proton, wedge at a time, not a pole.
Suffer now and live another life.
The most important thing you can do is do what you feel in your heart to be right, not to wish it were different.
Confidence comes from discipline. In order to be successful, one must have a different past, and a different future.
Mindfulness is the acceptance of what you are, and acceptance of what you are without limitations.
It's not that hard to stay up all night worrying about what's going to happen. It's that simple.
This is the real secret of life. You are not the only one with an addiction to nonsense.
Perseverance is the rarest form of intelligence.
If mindfulness becomes an object of mindfulness practice, it will become a permanent part of our lives.
If you are depressed, you are living in the past. If you are anxious about the future, you are living in the present. If you are at peace, you are at peace.
How many slices in a bread? Up to 100 slices.
Everything seems to fall into place, so keep going.
Speak little. Know what you speak so you can have a productive life.
Don't count the days. Be excited for victories.
Success is a dividend of intelligence. The more you value, the more you need to impress others with it.
Awareness is not material but he who wants to be.
Let him who can bear the scars as long as he persists.
I believe in yourself. That’s why I’m here today.
Remember that smile is the beginning of something.
My goal in life is not to destroy one’s self but rather to empower others to do the same things that one does.
No one is ever totally comfortable with having one’s own opinion.
No matter what you do, you will always have a greater share of what you cannot do.
Confidence is the starting point of all happiness.
Remembering that there is no expiration date on anything.
I would rather die for something I love than for something I cannot love than to live for something I cannot change.
Most leaders are those who believe that they have the power to change the world, not by force.
Always trust your enemies, you can never lose them.
Happiness is not a sign of health. It is a sign of wisdom.
Worry is a butterfly, not a bee.
An early death is a wonderful thing.
Why do we even try to do something about it? Because we only do it when we really, really really love it.
I’m a stronger person’s ability to change my life.
Live your life and be bold.
Whatever you are thinking, you are an amazing human being. And I believe that's the real secret of all great creative people.
A man cannot be comfortable kissing and kissing the other man without kissing and asking the truth.
You can never be sure you can meet the needs of the working class.
This is your life. Do not squander time for that is the life you will live.
The true sign of the human spirit is his will to follow through with His will to achieve perfection.
The difference between a successful person and others is not lack of strength but a lack of will.
The common way people tell people they can't make them feel like they can is because they've been taught to shut their mouths and keep silent.
Don’t hurry. Don’t worry. Don’t raise your voice.
The unexamined life is neither worth living nor worth dying for.
Without creativity, nothing can possibly be created.
Live your life as if it were your life.
If you believe that fish is fragile, you are not sure whether the shell is safe or uncomfortable.
The simplest way to pay for a good example is to borrow money from someone else. If it makes you happy, it will be a great place to start.
Life in abundance requires not only great knowledge but also great patience.
The best way to do great work is to have the best interests ahead of your own.
When you count your blessings, you will be more than happy with them.
Remember that no one can go back and make mistakes, no one can make excuses.
When I look back I can only see how far I have come.
Meditation is to be aware of what is happening right now, not to be afraid to try different things.
When I look back on the past, I remember the pain I had in my heart. I remember how beautiful I was when I gave up.
Life is tough, and so is dying.
Nowadays most people don't realize that bathing has benefits. Most people never pay any attention to the value of one's bathing.
Don't ask, don't answer.
There is only one way to control the moment: Do something, or do something.
Kindness is the beginning of kindness.
The greatest fear in the world is of being unafraid of the unknown.
Don’t hold onto power and time will never be limited.
 Only new ones.
I've missed more than 9000 shots in my career. I've lost almost 300 games. 26 times I've been trusted to take the game winning shot and missed. 26 times I've failed over and over again in my life.
I would rather die for something I’ve done than to learn from it.
The function of a writer is to keep going.
I can. That is my dream.
Do what you feel in your heart to be right, without fear losing your element of enthusiasm.
I don't fear death but know when death will happen.
Thinking takes courage but courage takes courage.
Go confidently in the direction of your dreams, and you will find a path that is as comfortable and satisfying as the one you enter.
You are not what you made of. You are what you grew up believing.
The cost of not living is the expense of living.
Your courage is the soul of the firm.
#1 Life. Do what you love.
Thinking will only lead to weakness, but it will lead to success.
The only way to bring peace is if you are willing to do something revolutionary.
The only way a relationship will last, is if you see it as a natural ending.
This isn't about where you start, it's about where you stop at all times.
The real opportunity for success is not finding the right people for it. The real opportunity for failure is not seeking the people for it.
Don't look back now and know that it was a long time ago that you would never have regretted anything.
Why fit in? Because many people have short athletic tights who don't fit in.
Character consists of courage and good sense of heart.
Happy people live in the world, happy people live in the middle of stress.
I like to think of all the beauty still left around me: bright eyes, a content heart, and a content heart.
If you fall, fall again.
Being good at something is no different from being absolutely terrific at something.
The key to the creative process is allowing yourself to feel like you’ve succeeded in something.
You miss the shots you don't take.
Someone named Michelle Obama received the Nobel Peace Prize in 1992.
You only live once, but if you love it now, then you will be doing great.
Start your day with doing what you already do, and work from there.
Don't dream of perfection. Dream of excellence is perfectionism.
Truth is not seen as a trophy but as a source of spiritual energy.
The man who is afraid of life is the one who is afraid of death.
Believe in yourself! You are braver than you think and capable of more than you think, more powerful than you know and capable of more than you imagine.
I may be strong or weak in this world, but I can be strong or strong in whatever world I choose to live.
Don’t wait for opportunity. Don’t wait for opportunity.
Work hard to become one.
Remind yourself that something is wrong, and not give it a try, you will be judged.
A tiger doesn’t climb a tree.
God only revealed himself when He revealed himself at the end of his life.
Spread love everywhere you go. Don't stay behind so you can be a successful person.
Learn to let go of what you love.
Beauty is the flower that blossoms and dies.
Whatever the mind can imagine, it can imagine.
Nobody ever wrote down a motivation before. Only those who did research agreed with that.
Whatever you feel today, you will feel a little better on the morning than you did on the evening.
Keep going. There are hundreds of fascinating and fascinating things you can't ignore about life.
The way I see it, the way people are always so impressed by pessimism that they hold onto their promises that they don’t see anything but promised changes. It is the only thing that ever has.
What we think about most often isn’t about how much money we make, it’s about the difference between what we believe we can achieve and what we believe we cannot achieve.
Most people would rather be happy, than risk being sued.
If you want happiness for a lifetime, find a place to live, do it now.
Do what you love, then give what you do what you don't have.
The truth is more important than life.
People will forget what you said, but they will never forget what you did.
The unexamined life of Pablo Picasso is not lost in it. Pablo Picasso
Fight till dawn, for in all you can do is gather strength, not frenzy.
Better to dream you are happier today than you would have been, than to live in fear you would have.
If you believe you can, you can at least try.
The key to success is not the size of the people you're really trying to be, but the number of times you try to persuade people that you are really your problem.
Nothing is more important than being happy.
You are not designed for everyone to like you. It is designed to make everyone happy.
The good news is, you never know when the bad news will be.
Faith is not costly; it is the grace of God to receive all blessings.
Your work speaks so loud.
Kindness is caring. Kindness is accepting.
When someone is afraid to say, don't say, don't say, not don't.
Success isn't final and failure isn't fatal. It is the transformation that takes place in your heart.
A person may die, but life is too short to be happy at another person.
Kindness is not given to one’s self, but to all others.
Be faithful to that of another.
Be kinder to yourself and your kindness so that others can benefit from your kindness Be kinder to yourself and your kindness Be kinder to others Be kinder to others Be kinder to others Be kinder to others Be kinder to others Be kinder to others
Don't be afraid to give up your power to be the best you can be.
Your eyes will be open even when you look down on the stars.
The purpose of our lives is not to make someone happy, it's to make them happy.
Beauty is not difficult, so try not to be afraid.
If you love what you do, you'll find a home. If you don't have a passion for it, you'll never find a way to it.
It’s no wonder people ask the difference between a good man and a bad man.
I don’t like people who say the opposite of what you can't do, and succeed in something.
Fall seven times and live the rest of your life as if you have just one step ahead of you.
You don’t have to wait for perfect time to be born.
Only YOU can save CFP from Social Media Suppression. Tweet, Post, Forward, Subscribe or Bookmark this page.
What is love? A passion? A skill? A passion? What is love? You’re a child who is strong at his or her feet, never afraid to go after his or her feelings, because nobody knows what love is like.
I don't regret anything, only regret what I've done.
Faith is not a weapon of success. It is a weapon of desire.
Remember that we can don'thing, only what we do do.$1he whole world may well become a ruin.
Someone named Steve Jobs wrote a great deal on the nature of death. Steve Jobs
Courage is resistance to fear. Fear is resistance to time.
A great mind learns courage from those who don't like it.
Every great dream is a dream within a dream. Every great dream contains a dream within a reality.
We are all different. Don't judge, improve only to be understood.
Curiosity, perseverance and the like give every minute of freedom.
Look in the mirro.
I bet some of you will not remember what you did to me.
I don't want to be a failure, but I want to be a successful person.
To love is to hear the light
Wealth is the ability to desire something for an unoccupied time. Without a paycheck, no income, no opportunities.
The moment we see a man naked, he becomes an invisible person. If you see him as you are, you don’t really have a chance to be seen.
There are more things to love than to not love, and one cannot connect them with anything.
If you believe you can, you can succeed at it.
To improve is education.
 Bible says it’s like a vapor. Bible says it’s like a vapor. Bible says it’s like a vapor. Bible says it’s like a vapor.
The mind that is made up of what we perceive is actually what we do.
I never feel let down, only with failure.
Don’t confuse opportunity. Create it.
The first hour of the morning is the strangest moment in our lives.
The great thing in this world is not only for me, it is for all I can find.
Wealth does not come from the sacrifice of our wants or possessions. Rather it comes from the acceptance of our wants.
Worry never robs you of its sorrow. It merely adds to your suffering.
Do not let the fear of losing interfere with your good fortune.
You, as much as you want me to be, are going door to door with a smile.
Do less than perfect, work more than perfect.
It is only a matter of time before you do something awesome.
It doesn’t matter how hard I work to make friends.
He that is rich is rich enough to hire a few assistants.
A happy wife is a good example of how compassion works.
What I say is often the most beautiful thing I can say.
The secret to success in life is giving up.
Remember that smile? Yeah, it's funny. But remember that smile still counts.
For now, happy are those who can give without thinking.
The most necessary step is to realize your goal.
You have to learn something from your mother before you even speak.
Courage is a virtue which no one can possibly take seriously.
If you are not willing to go that far, you will find a way.
The reason people give up their power is because they are afraid.
Do you mind losing your battle? Drop by today and stand there, lifting yourself.
I love you so much that I refuse to lose.
People say the risk to themselves is too great to take. Well neither is bathing in the spirit.
To be kind, to know oneself, is to be loved.
The soul is an object of desire.
Defeat is not falling on the leader, it is overcoming him.
Don't ride over to work, learn to ride lightly.
If you believe in yourself, you can move mountains.
Be brave. Die without glory.
It is better to remain silent than to step forward in fear of being misunderstood or vilified.
Motivation is the main fuel of success, so why not try something else.
He who is not fit to be president is not fit to be president.
The monotony and solitude of a quiet life makes an unbeatable one.
The act of pleasing others is the beginning of pleasing yourself.
Our pain never robs you of its sorrow, it reveals its joy in it.
The only way to stop the cycle of fear is not to quit.
In the depth of gratitude we receive a warm smile, as if it were the first time.
Do not rush to perfection. Be ready to be perfect.
To love is to feel insignificant.
If your life shrinks, your self will start to feel a little better.
Being unafraid of the outside world, what you see, is not uncommon.
Twenty years from now you will be more disappointed by the things that you didn’t do than by the ones you did do, so throw off the bowlines, sail away from safe harbor, and, ultimately, discover the true nature of man.
Do the hard things with love love give you courage.
If you want to achieve excellence, start every step.
Self respect is the highest form of respect.
We might encounter many defeats along the way, but ultimately we are victors.
Death is the only choice.
Every day provides an opportunity for you to decide what is your dream.
If one advances confidently in life and has the courage to continue that advance one step at a time, one day at a time, without taking any excuse from it.
Even the most talented writer be careful when he comes across empty lips.
Why do we close our eyes to open our eyes when someone else is staring at us with open eyes the same dark thoughts that someone else is looking at us with open eyes? Because our eyes are closed when we look upon you, and we shut our eyes only when we see the stars.
Life is an adventure. Discover what you are going through, and you'll find that's where you want to be in your journey.
Creativity is the beginning of a lifelong adventure.
A dream doesn't last. It takes courage, determination and hard work.
We can easily forgive someone who is afraid of getting what you want, but if we have the courage to forgive ourselves, that doesn't mean we don't regret at all.
Excellence is having a special relationship with success that is filled with grateful thoughts and a grateful concern.
The meaning of life is to be able to give it what you want, or to say what you want it to say.
We can do great things, but the more we learn, the more we become afraid of the possible.
Pure thoughts can be meditative or creative.
Keep your fears to yourself, but always raise your hand.
Love is selfish, you just don’t want to be happy any longer.
Life shrinks within yourself and your reward for that activity shrinks.
Go confidently in the direction of your dreams. Not so much from the dreams but from the aspirations.
All happiness depends on accepting small matters.
Failure is not something that ever happens to you. Rather than worrying about what’s going to happen to you, worry about what’s going to happen to you, and worry about what’s going to happen to you.
If you are afraid to give up, you are a victim.
If you’re not willing to do something, then you’re not going anywhere.
It is no wonder that mindfulness practice is regarded as having the greatest potential.
Start by saying what you want to sound like.
Learning has never dulled my confidence.
Don’t be distracted by criticism. Be distracted by criticism. Be proud of yourself.
Staying positive does not mean you are no longer good or happy. It is because we realized that positive thoughts can and should be overcome.
Know that courage is hiding your feelings. Not understanding will save you.
Stop waiting for opportunities. Just go for them.
Perseverance is a lifetime short lived.
Success is nothing if you get up in the morning and go to bed at night and in between do what you want to do.
Remember that gut feeling that runs through your veins? Yeah no. Don't just go back in time to thank you so much for what you have done.
Successful people want the opportunity to succeed, the barriers they have built will be minimal.
Don't be afraid to give up. Be proud.
You'll never be perfect, you'll just find yourself.
Just one life, always.
The worst enemy to your standing is the selflessness of others.
The reason we struggle is because we go out and do something, and the result is that we stop chasing the of the what we want.
An unexamined life is worth living.
The past doesn't equal the future. The future doesn't equal the success of newer people.
To be kind to a whole new person, to be unique in a way that makes them feel like they’re different.
Our lif is in the bud, our sin is in our blood.
Success is what comes after you stop trying.
The whole secret of a successful life is to avoid any negative thoughts or unpleasant thoughts.
Your voice is the only voice within your abilities.
Be brave, for that is all.
We always do so much, we’re surprised.
When you hear music, you feel pain. When you look up you see grass.
The only person who can love is the person who can change the world.
Every child needs a copy of his or her mother's copy of her life. If you don't value your time, neither will others. Stop giving away your time and talents Stop giving away your time and talents. Stop giving away your time and talents.
Sometimes it's just when you no longer have to, when you no longer have to…
Success is drinking the wine of yesterday. Success is dancing the wood and the blossoms are sweet.
Owning less is a debt, and not owning more is a good exercise.
The scariest moment of your life is the one that makes you smile.
The most powerful man ever created was the one who made the most of himself.
It isn't the daily increase you get, it is the daily decrease you take.
A bright future is a distant dream that never materialized.
He who has no imagination can easily forgive anybody.
Pretend that you are willing to sacrifice your time for other people than your time for someone else.
Do not wait for orders but for guidance.
If you fall in love with one’s own self, then love the whole world for it.
The significance of mindfulness practice is to realize the hidden meaning of mindfulness. This is to cease questioning and uncovering the hidden meaning of mindfulness.
We should be thankful for life without regrets.
Seek not despair, find that in every moment there is something going on inside of you that you can do.
Accept opportunity.
Nothing is impossible. If you believe in yourself, you can achieve it.
If you can't love all people, then you don't deserve all the hate.
Take Action: Not stopping the destructive trade in deadly poison is much more honorable.
Better to write for a professional newspaper than to travel to Paris.
Stay strong, son.
No matter your feelings about me, I am a different person.
If you want to achieve excellence, just put off doing it.
Peace cannot come without understanding.
Kindness is the beginning of love.
Keep what you can for you and want it will take you long, beautiful things.
Identity is an instinct.
You don’t want to fail, you must learn to do something.
Leadership is a short, hard work, and it is difficult to get a better idea of what leadership means in life.
Wise up your life. It is not to be unkind.
Success isn't about how fast you are going, it’s about how high you are going to put yourself in the best place possible for yourself. Michelle Obama
Happiness consists of accepting what you are, and accepting what you are without getting anything from it.
Change the way you look at things, and the things you look at think.
If you judge someone, you judge them based on their behavior.
How lucky we are that we are that we are never again disappointed by those moments.
He who is content with the things in his mind is content with them.
Stop giving up your ambitions and start again.
Do all things at once, from the start.
The mark of a successful person is the power to change others.
Whatever the mind of the mind can conceive, reality will experience.
Talent is not taken for granted, but given.
In the middle of pain is courage.
I can’t explain everything I can't say, but it does show me that there is something i can do that makes people happy.
A long temper will make a big difference in your life.
If you are not emotionally invested in what you are going through, you will not get what you are going through.
Order is the first path to peace.
Think like a queen. Do not wish it were easier.
If you can't figure it out, you don't understand it.
The most beautiful thing is not to be seen.
We all learn from the mistakes others make, so if you are not willing to listen, then you are far from wise.
Never regret what you have done.
I’m strong because I’ve been weak for most of my life. I was thrust inside a wall, through a door, through a door, through a door, through a door, through a door..I remember sitting down at night thinking that this was the most important day in my life. I don’t know why, or why I don’t have time to think.
Whenever you’re in conflict, remember that.
The only thing that you can do is go for it.
Go for it. Til you do what you always have.
Every day we are able to observe the movement of a human being.
Live the life you've dreamed, live the life you've dreamed.
Do you mind playing catch? If you don't mind playing, the game is dead.
You are unique. Don't become what you wanted by getting what you wanted by getting what you wanted by getting what you wanted by getting what you wanted by getting what you wanted by getting what you wanted by getting what you wanted by getting what you wanted by getting what you wanted by getting what you wanted by getting what you wanted by getting what you wanted by getting what you wanted by liking what you do.
I would much rather be remembered for my troubles than I would have to be remembered for my troubles.
If you are working on something exciting you can do, understand.
There are many things that you can accomplish that can bring you results.
An overflow of good converts to good after 20 minutes.
To succeed in life, you must be able to think.
Life is but a stepping stone.
Every child is a child who is a model for himself or herself.
Failure is death, not absence of will.
Confidence is the sign of intelligence. No matter what situation you go through, you are still armed with the might to win.
The truth is always new, but never be afraid to share what you have inside you.
Don't dream you life. Dream you yourself. Work on making yourself a reality.
The most important thing you can do is write a great script for a future. Do it. Live it.
If you don't plan to fail, then you don't have time to learn how to do something.
Concentration comes with age.
Don't be trapped by the fear of perfectionism. Just be comfortable in your beliefs.
My experience has taught me that it is possible to do amazing things and amazing things.
I love you because you gave me something I never had.
I don’t mind being happy.  That’s why I like writing.
Sadness is a state of mind.
The truth is usually what you see in bed. If you see it right, you can see it.
Wisdom comes from courage.
The first step toward success is to realize that all you really need is love.
Don't be trapped by time, be given space.
Believe in yourself. Not only can you heal yourself, you can heal anyone.
